Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-entrepreneur/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Outstanding Student Entrepreneur

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/)
  4. [Students](/business/cie/students/)
  5. [Undergraduate Students ](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/)
  6. Outstanding Student Entrepreneur 

# Congratulations to 2018 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Mishika Narula!

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cie/Mishika-Narula-360x360.jpg)

The honor is awarded annually by the Center for Innovation and
Entrepreneurship to a graduating student enrolled in the Undergraduate
Entrepreneurship Program in recognition of significant achievements in the
program, acknowledgment of accomplishments in entrepreneurship and the promise
of future success.

Mishika’s journey in entrepreneurship started when she was 14 with Power of
Pops, a venture in which she raised over $35,000 by baking and selling cake
pops to support recreational programs for the special needs community in the
northern suburbs of Chicago.

Her entrepreneurial spirit and desire to shape change remained strong when she
came to Santa Clara University.

At SCU, Mishika joined the Social Innovation Initiative in India (SIII) as
student lead. Over a 3-year period, the proposal aimed to leverage the assets
of the Leavey School of Business and Miller Center for Social
Entrepreneurship, including students, GSBI Alumni, and GSBI mentors, to scale
social impact by replicating validated social enterprise models and
technological innovations throughout India.

During her junior year, Mishika interned with Vyu Labs, a software development
company where she coordinated social media marketing and advertising. Mishika
realized the most effective way for her to return measurable digital growth-
based results would be by engaging SCU students. In two weeks after Vyu Labs
approval, she met with and onboarded Leavey School of Business Dean Caryn
Beck-Dudley who, in turn, virtually connected with SCU students, faculty, and
alumni using Vyu Lab’s Startime app.

Most recently, Mishika took on the role of president of Santa Clara Consulting
(SCC), the University’s student-run consulting team.  Here, she has been
committed to add value to startups and not-for-profits in the Bay area by
offering implementable and innovative recommendations. Santa Clara Consulting
has inspired Mishika to form a shared vision for student consultants and
entrepreneurs and to create relentlessly and without limits.

Mishika is graduating with honors with a major in Commerce and a minor in
Entrepreneurship. After graduation, she will begin a full-time position with
Deloitte as a Market Development Specialist. She will receive the CIE
Outstanding Student Award at the Leavey School of Business Senior Awards
Ceremony on June 15, presented by Dr. Jennifer Woolley, Management Department
Chair.

#### Congratulations!

###  

### 2017 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur

![CIE winner 2017](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cie/spotlight/Karlsen-
Termini-138x200.jpg)

THE OUTSTANDING STUDENT ENTREPRENEUR AWARD is presented by the Center for
Innovation and Entrepreneurship to the graduating student enrolled in the
Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Program in recognition of significant
achievements in the program and acknowledgment of accomplishments in
entrepreneurship.

This year, 2017, we are excited to present the award to Karlsen Termini.

Karlsen is graduating with a Major in Marketing and a Minor in
Entrepreneurship. He is the founder of Rowing Career Connect, a non-profit
organization connecting current and alumni rowers from SCU to encourage
mentoring and career development.  After he graduates, Karlsen will be joining
the start-up Birddogs Shorts in New York City.

###  

### Marco Ciccone Names 2016 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur

Congratulations to 2016 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Marco Ciccone!   This
honor is awarded annually by the Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship to
a graduating student enrolled in the Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Program in
recognition of significant achievements in the program, acknowledgment of
accomplishments in entrepreneurship and the promise of future success.  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cie/Marco-Ciccone-271x271.jpg)

Marco Ciccone is graduating in June with a Major in Finance, a Minor in
Entrepreneurship and a member of the California Program for Entrepreneurship
2015 Cohort-he's also CEO and Co-Founder of app sensation Spree.  Marco,
together with his co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Riley Parsons,
developed a free app that is a micro-community platform connecting only SCU
students, faculty and staff for a sustainable solution to buying, selling, and
trading goods and services.  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cie/Spree.jpg)





**How it Works:**   Safe, secure app to buy, sell or trade with the SCU-
community via the easy-to-use iPhone app.  Users are only permitted to use the
application after verifying their e-mail address, so you can undoubtedly trust
that this is a strict Bronco-to-Bronco exchange! With Spree's microcosmic
approach, students, faculty, and staff need not travel far to buy or sell used
goods, cutting down on wasted transportation costs and energy used when
searching for similar items on websites like Craigslist or Close5.

#### The following is an excerpt taken from an article written by
Sustainability Intern Alec Kwo '16 entitled:  

For a university that already strives to promote sustainability, be it in
efficient transportation, supporting local economies, conscious consumerism,
and reducing, reusing, recycling, and respecting our stuff, Spree is an all-
in-one promoter of the values that we abide by at SCU. Products’ life cycles
can dramatically be extended and put to good use by people in your own
community, allowing for you and anyone else who may buy your used goods to get
the best value for whatever you originally bought.

Listings appear similarly to Facebook’s scrolling Newsfeed with a picture,
short description, and price for the good or service. Users can click on posts
and begin internal messaging within the app with the seller and coordinate
logistics and negotiate prices. There are currently 400+ users on Spree, so do
your part to support your fellow Broncos and download the Spree - Student
Marketplace app, which won the 2015 CIE Business Plan Pitch Competition Grand
Prize! Not only will you rid yourself of unused things that you’ve accumulated
over time, you will be promoting and embodying what it means to be
sustainable. Keep those goods out of landfills and creating a safe, hyper-
local place of commerce. It’s a win-win-win situation, so what are you waiting
for?

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cie/DSC_5720-360x287.jpg)

  * CIE $5,000 Business Plan Competition 
  * Santa Clara Magazine, [_Businesses Launching Here_ ](https://magazine.scu.edu/scm/spring2016/mission-matters.cfm?b=439&c=23795)(March, 2016)
  * Leavey School of Business [_Article_ ](https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/spree-buy-and-sell-within-scu.html)(January, 2016)

Active in CIE Enrichment Opportunities like our quarterly Office Hours for
Entrepreneurs, Marco and his team has met with multiple alumni CIE Office
Hours providers to discuss Spree.  The CIE also was pleased to feature the
Spree duo at well-received presentations to the CIE Advisory Board and as a
part of the CIE presentation at SCU's Family Weekend, showcasing student
startups.  The team is already giving back to the University by providing
internship and career opportunities for fellow students.  He is indeed a
shining example of what entrepreneurship at Santa Clara can do for our
communities.

Marco will receive this award at the Leavey School of Business Senior Awards
Ceremony on June 10, Mayer Theater, presented by Dr. Jennifer Woolley,
Management Department Chair.

Congratulations!

##### 2015 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Rico Mok

__

[2015 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Rico
Mok](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2015-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2014 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Jordan Agnew

__

[2014 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Jordan Agnew
](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2014-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2013 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Alexis Babb

__

[2014 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Alexis Babb
](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2013-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2012 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Anthony Prieto

__

[2012 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Anthony
Prieto](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2012-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2011 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Sol Tran

__

[2011 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Sol
Tran](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2011-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2010 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Joel Ching

__

[2010 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Joel
Ching](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2010-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

##### 2009 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Kevin Carter

__

[2009 Outstanding Student Entrepreneur Kevin
Carter](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/outstanding-student-
entrepreneur/2009-outstanding-student-entrepreneur/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cie/)[Center for Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/)

  * [Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/)
  * [CIE Entrepreneur Forum Speaker Series](/business/cie/cie-entrepreneur-forum-speaker-series/)
  * [CIE Office Hours for Entrepreneurs](/business/cie/cie-office-hours-for-entrepreneurs/)
  * [CIE Business Pitch Competition](/business/cie/cie-business-pitch-competition/)
  * [2019 Venture Capital Investment Competition (VCIC)](/business/cie/2019-venture-capital-investment-competition-vcic/)
  * [Students](/business/cie/students/)
    * [Undergraduate Students ](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/)
      * [Minor in Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/students/undergraduate-students-/minor-in-entrepreneurship/)
      * Outstanding Student Entrepreneur
    * [Graduate Students ](/business/cie/students/graduate-students-/)
  * [Advisory Board](/business/cie/advisory-board/)
  * [Resources](/business/cie/resources/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

