Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/research/papers/return-migration-and-social-mobility-in-mena-evidence-from-labor-market-panel-surveys.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofEconomics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Papers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Economics](/business/economics/)
  4. [Research](/business/economics/research/)
  5. Papers
  6. Return Migration and Social Mobility in MENA: Evidence from Labor Market Panel Surveys 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/research/pexels-
photo-38132-360x240-2.jpg)

## Return Migration and Social Mobility in MENA: Evidence from Labor Market
Panel Surveys

Shireen AlAzzawi and Vladimir Hlasny

Topics in Middle Eastern and African Economies 20(2), pp.29- 64, September
2018

[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](http://meea.sites.luc.edu/volume20/PDFs/2.2.%20Return%20Migration_Hlasny_Alazzawi.pdf)

Extended Abstract

This study examines the effects of cross-border return migration on
intertemporal and intergenerational transmission of socio-economic status
across six new harmonized surveys from three Arab countries: Egypt (1998,
2006, 2012), Jordan (2010, 2016) and Tunisia (2014). We link individuals’
current outcomes to those in prior years and to their parents’ outcomes. We
first isolate the outcomes of interest – income, employment status, household
wealth based on both productive and nonproductive assets, and residence
status. Next, we evaluate individuals’ socioeconomic mobility over time and
across generations as a function of their migration histories. Return
migrants, current migrants, and non-migrants are distinguished. Transitions in
individuals’ outcomes across years and generations are made functions of pre-
existing socioeconomic status, demographics and migration status.

  
Migration patterns are found to differ systematically between Egypt, Jordan
and Tunisia, as well as across years. Migration destination is driven by
economic, geographic but also historical considerations. Migrant flow from
Egypt and Tunisia is highly concentrated, but that from Jordan is much more
diffused, on account of job search methods and type of work sought. Egyptian
migrants predominantly come from rural areas and disadvantaged governorates,
and are less educated, while in Jordan the opposite is the case. Tunisia
represents an intermediate case, with migrants slightly less educated but also
less likely to be rural than non-migrants. Return migrants find employment in
higher earning occupations and are more socially and inter-generationally
mobile than non-migrants. However, they outperform non-migrants not only
currently, but also in the previous occupation, occupation before previous,
and eight years prior, suggesting that individual-level effects and
demographics contribute more than migration experience per se. More research
is needed to isolate the causal effects of migration spells on migrants’
lifetime outcomes.

###### Sep 1, 2018

LSB Research, ECON, 2018, Shireen Al-Azzawi

387824

[Economics Sections __](/business/economics/)[Economics](/business/economics/)

  * [Economics](/business/economics/)
  * [About Us](/business/economics/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/economics/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/economics/research/)
    * [Working Papers](/business/economics/research/working-papers/)
    * [Publications](/business/economics/research/publication-archive/)
    * [Seminar Series](/business/economics/research/seminars/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/economics/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/economics/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/economics/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0-94f58e90f01a)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

