Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/research/scholarship/firm-responses-to-mass-outrage-technology-blame-and-employment.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Scholarship

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Research](/business/management/research/)
  5. Scholarship
  6. “Firm Responses to Mass Outrage: Technology, Blame, and Employment” 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/management-pexels-
photo-683241-509x339-2.jpg)

## "Firm Responses to Mass Outrage: Technology, Blame, and Employment"

Vikram R. Bhargava

Journal of Business Ethics

**[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs10551-018-4043-7)**



**Abstract:**

When an employee’s off-duty conduct generates mass social media outrage,
managers commonly respond by firing the employee. This, I argue, can be a
mistake. The thesis I defend is the following: the fact that a firing would
occur in a mass social media outrage context brought about by the employee’s
off-duty conduct generates a strong ethical reason weighing against the act.
In particular, it contributes to the firing constituting an inappropriate act
of blame. Scholars who caution against firing an employee for off-duty conduct
have thus far focused primarily on due process related issues or legal
concerns pertaining to free speech, lifestyle discrimination, and employment
at-will. However, these concerns amount to only a partial, and contingent,
diagnosis of what is at issue. I argue that even when due process
considerations are met, firings in these contexts can be unjustified.
Moreover, even if a business is not concerned with the unethical conduct per
se, but is rather strictly concerned with PR, the argument I advance
nevertheless provides one important ethical reason that counts against firings
in mass social media outrage contexts. Given that managers are often under
significant pressure to respond swiftly in cases where an employee is at the
center of mass social media outrage, it is especially important that scholars
begin to clarify the normative issues. This article builds on the burgeoning
philosophical literature on the ethics of blame and provides a novel account
of a distinctive ethical concern that arises with firings in mass social media
outrage contexts.

* * *

  * [Bio Page](/business/management/faculty/bhargava/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Management & Entrepreneurship » Faculty and Staff » Bhargava, Vikram")
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vikbhargava)

###### Nov 12, 2018

LSB Research, MGMT, 2018, Vikram Bhargava, Bhargava, Publication

412528

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
    * [Selected Publications Display settings](/business/management/research/selected-publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

