Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/research/scholarship/who-bears-the-brunt-a-review-and-research-agenda-for-the-consequences-of-organizational-wrongdoing-for-individuals.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Scholarship

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Research](/business/management/research/)
  5. Scholarship
  6. Who bears the brunt? A review and research agenda for the consequences of organizational wrongdoing for individuals. 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marcom/research/Pozner-
Jo_Ellen-360x288-2.jpg)

## Who bears the brunt? A review and research agenda for the consequences of
organizational wrongdoing for individuals.

Jo-Ellen Pozner

##### Jo-Ellen Pozner, Jared D. Harris

Who bears the brunt? A review and research agenda for the consequences of
organizational wrongdoing for individuals jo-ellen pozner and jared d. harris

The subject of corporate misconduct has become a topic of particular interest
for scholars in accounting, finance, and organizational studies. Corporate
misconduct is broadly defined as “the organizational pur- suit of any action
considered illegitimate from an ethical, regulatory, or legal standpoint”
(Harris and Bromiley 2007: 351). Scholars have investigated the antecedents of
misconduct (e.g., Pierce and Larkin, this volume; Palmer and Moore, this
volume; Ashforth and Lange, this volume), and to a lesser degree, its
immediate consequences for guilty organizations and other firms to which they
are linked (e.g., Greve, chapter 13). Significant gaps in this literature are
still ripe for explora- tion, particularly as concerns the longer-lasting
effects that organiza- tional wrongdoing can have on individuals employed by
those organizations, to whom consequences might adhere, and the conse- quences
of illegitimate behavior for employees below the level of the top management
team. That is, although scholars have demonstrated that revelations of
financial misconduct lead to immediate conse- quences for organizational
elites, we have scant theory explaining the mechanisms through which the taint
of fraud is transferred from orga- nizations to individuals – especially the
non-elite – or what the lasting impact for any of those individuals might be."

* * *

[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](/business/management/faculty/pozner/who-bears-the-brunt/ "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Faculty and Staff » Pozner,
Jo-Ellen » Who Bears the Brunt?")

* * *

  * [Bio Page](/business/management/faculty/pozner/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Faculty and Staff » Pozner, Jo-Ellen")
  * [Pozner, Jo-Ellen - CV August 2016](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/JPozner-vita_Aug2016.pdf)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jo-ellen-pozner-49454a)
  * [Personal Page](http://joellenpozner.com/)

[Research Podcast](http://joellenpozner.com/research-podcast/)

###### Mar 1, 2018

Research

MGMT, LSB Research, 2018, Pozner, Featured

365628

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
    * [Selected Publications Display settings](/business/management/research/selected-publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

