Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketing/research/selected-publications/cross-channel-effects-of-search-engine-advertising-on-brick--mortar-retail-sales-meta-analysis-of-large-scale-field-experiments-on-googlecom.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofMarketing

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Selected Publications

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  4. [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
  5. Selected Publications
  6. Cross channel effects of search engine advertising on brick & mortar retail sales: Meta analysis of large scale field experiments on Google.com 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/research/pexels-
photo-942302-360x240-2.jpg)

## Cross channel effects of search engine advertising on brick & mortar retail
sales: Meta analysis of large scale field experiments on Google.com

Kirthi Kalyanam

##### Kirthi Kalyanam1, John McAteer, Jonathan Marek, James Hodges, Lifeng Lin

Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2017

Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2017

* * *



* * *

Abstract We investigate the cross channel effects of search engine advertising
on Google.com on sales in brick and mortar retail stores. Obtaining causal and
actionable estimates in this context is challenging: Brick and mortar store
sales vary widely on a weekly basis; offline media dominate the marketing
budget; search advertising and demand are contemporaneously correlated; and
estimates have to be credible to overcome agency issues between the online and
offline marketing groups. We report on a meta-analysis of a population of 15
independent field experiments, in which 13 well-known U.S. multi-channel
retailers spent over $4 Million in incremental search advertising. In test
markets category keywords were maintained in positions 1-3 for 76 product
categories with no search advertising on these keywords in the control
markets. Outcomes measured include sales in the advertised categories, total
store sales and Return on Ad Spending. We estimate the average effect of each
outcome for this population of experiments using a Hierarchical Bayesian (HB)
model.

The estimates from the HB model provide causal evidence that increasing search
engine advertising on broad keywords on Google.com had a positive effect on
sales in brick and mortar stores for the advertised categories for this
population of retailers. There also was a positive effect on total store
sales. Hence the increase in sales in the advertised categories was
incremental to the retailer net of any sales borrowed from non-advertised
categories. The total store sales increase was a meaningful improvement
compared to the baseline sales growth rates. The average Return on Ad Spend
(ROAS) is positive, but does not breakeven on average although several
retailers achieved or exceeded break-even based only on brick and mortar
sales. We examine the robustness of our findings to alternative assumptions
about the data specific to this set of experiments. Our estimates suggest
online and offline are linked markets, that media planners should account for
the offline effects in the planning and execution of search advertising
campaigns, and that these effects should be adjusted by category and retailer.
Extensive replication and a unique research protocol ensure that our results
are general and credible.

###### Jul 19, 2017

Research

MKTG, LSB Research, 2017 K.Kalyanam

300852

[Marketing Sections __](/business/marketing/)[Marketing](/business/marketing/)

  * [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  * [About Us](/business/marketing/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/marketing/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/marketing/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
    * [Selected Publications](/business/marketing/research/publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/marketing/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/marketing/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/marketing/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Marketing&subdesignationactual=bb8136e0-0a6f-4924-81e1-e2e90caede01)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

