Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketing/research/selected-publications/information-acquisition-during-online-decision-making-a-model-based-exploration-using-eye-tracking-data.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofMarketing

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Selected Publications

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  4. [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
  5. Selected Publications
  6. Information Acquisition during Online Decision-Making: A Model-Based Exploration Using Eye-Tracking Data 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/research/pexels-photo-
eye-360x240-2.jpg)

## Information Acquisition during Online Decision-Making: A Model-Based
Exploration Using Eye-Tracking Data

Shi, Savannah Wei, Michel Wedel, and Rik Pieters

Management Science, 59(5), 1009-1026.

_Management Science_ , 59(5), 1009-1026.

* * *

[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.1120.1625)

* * *

We propose a model of eye-tracking data to understand information acquisition
patterns on attribute-by-product matrices, which are common in online choice
environments such as comparison websites. The objective is to investigate how
consumers gather product and attribute information from moment to moment. We
propose a hierarchical hidden Markov model that consists of three connected
layers: a lower layer that describes the eye movements, a middle layer that
identifies information acquisition processes, and an upper layer that captures
strategy switching. The proposed model accounts for the data better than
several alternative models. The results show that consumers switch frequently
between acquisition strategies, and they obtain information on only two or
three attributes or products in a particular acquisition strategy before
switching. Horizontal and contiguous eye movements play an important role in
information acquisition. Furthermore, our results shed new light on the
phenomenon of gaze cascades during choice. We discuss the implications for Web
design, online retailing, and new directions for research on online choice.

###### Oct 29, 2015

Research

MKTG, LSB Research, 2012, Savannah Shi,

109944

[Marketing Sections __](/business/marketing/)[Marketing](/business/marketing/)

  * [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  * [About Us](/business/marketing/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/marketing/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/marketing/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
    * [Selected Publications](/business/marketing/research/publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/marketing/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/marketing/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/marketing/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Marketing&subdesignationactual=bb8136e0-0a6f-4924-81e1-e2e90caede01)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

