Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/facilitators-mentors/lisa-bougie/bougie.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  4. [Programs for Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/)
  5. [Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program](/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/)
  6. [Facilitators and Mentors](/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/facilitators-mentors/)
  7. Lisa Bougie
  8. Independent Director, Advisor 

[Executive Education Sections __](/business/edc/)[Executive
Education](/business/edc/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/)
  * [Custom Programs for Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/)
  * [Programs for Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/)
    * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
    * [Certified Equity Professional Program (CEP)](/business/cepi/)
    * [Certified Financial Planner Program (CFP)](/business/edc/individuals/online/)
    * [Digital Badge in Organizational Health](/business/edc/individuals/organizational-health/)
    * [Marketing Certificate](/business/marketingcertificate/)
    * [Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program](/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/)
      * [Facilitators and Mentors](/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/facilitators-mentors/)
    * [Impact Investing Certificate](/business/edc/individuals/impactinvesting/)
  * [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

![Lisa Bougie](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-
program/Lisa-Bougie_Headshot_Intl-Wmns-Day-1.jpg)

Lisa Bougie

#### Independent Director, Advisor

Lisa is a high impact C-suite executive that drives results with a team-
oriented and authentic style. With extensive experience leading high growth
digitally native and global omni-channel businesses at industry defining
companies (Stitch Fix, Nike, Patagonia & Gap), Lisa has demonstrated proven
success building both tech driven start up and enterprise consumer brands.

Most recently, Lisa led the womens business at Stitch Fix as General Manager
and prior to that held the position of Chief Merchandising Officer at the
company for three years. She joined Stitch Fix in 2013 for the opportunity to
partner with Stitch Fix founder, Katrina Lake, in creating the future of
retail. Under Lisa’s leadership the womens business grew from $10M in annual
revenue to $1B+ in five years and Stitch Fix is now recognized as a true
disrupter of the industry. Lisa believes to her core that art and science are
better together. The way in which she led the cross functional teams to
optimize the integration of data science and human judgement was critical to
these accomplishments.

As General Manager at Stitch Fix, Lisa had complete P&L responsibility for the
womens business and direct accountability for all aspects of buying, product
creation, inventory management and vendor relations. Further, she led the
cross functional teams across data science, engineering, marketing,
operations, finance and styling to set strategic direction and align
priorities to achieve optimal client experiences and exceptional financial
results. Lisa is passionate about keeping customers at the heart of every
decision and believes wholeheartedly in servant leadership.

Prior to Stitch Fix, Lisa spent nearly a decade at Nike where she held direct
to consumer and merchandising leadership roles. Her last role at Nike was
General Manager of Direct to Consumer for Emerging Markets. In this role she
led all functional teams (merchandising, planning operations, real estate &
field management) and was responsible for e-commerce, 1,000 Nike stores and a
P&L with annual revenue of $1.3B.

Prior to Nike, Lisa held leadership roles in merchandising and product
creation at Gap, Inc and Patagonia. At Gap, Lisa learned how to run a retail
business through the fundamentals of merchandising and product excellence. At
Patagonia, she learned how to stay in business – through an unwavering
commitment to mission and core values.

Lisa holds a B.S. in Marketing and minors in Retail Management and Italian
from Santa Clara University. She resides in Mill Valley, CA with her husband
and two teenage boys and has recently left Stitch Fix to create additional
flexibility in her life. Since leaving Stitch Fix Lisa has joined the board of
directors of Eileen Fisher and Cora and is advising a number of companies that
align with her passions, values and expertise.

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

