Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/mba-ifama-competition/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# MBA IFAMA Competition

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  5. [MBA Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/)
  6. MBA IFAMA Competition 

MBA Annual IFAMA Competition

#### SCU Brings Home Second Place at IFAMA 2018

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/IFAMA-team-pic-3-360x416.jpg)

The 28th IFAMA World Forum, Symposium and Student Case Competition was held
June 23-27, 2018 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

This year's theme was Sustainable Food Security 2050: Disruptive Innovations:
better business, management, science, government. **   **

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship of the Leavey School of
Business sent a team to compete in the International Student Case Competition.
The competition included 22 teams from all over the globe including Australia,
Africa, China, Argentina, and the United States. The SCU team made up of MBA
students George Borden, Kelli Bruggeman, Dianna Dai, and Matthew Shahbazian
advanced to the finals and took 2nd place in the Advanced Graduate Division.

To prepare for this competition the team was enrolled in two LSB graduate
classes - Strategy Development in Food & Beverage Industries and Food Industry
Management (taught by Dr. Greg Baker). They also held multiple practice
sessions throughout the academic year and worked with advisors Carol Kelly and
Erika French Arnold.

* * *



#### Aarhus, Denmark June 2016, Santa Clara University takes First Place in
Graduate Advanced Division Case Study Competition!

Aarhus has been a buzz of activity ever since Viking times. Over the
centuries, the lively atmosphere and charming streets have attracted visitors
from near and far. This summer Aarhus was the host city to the
**International Food and Agribusiness Management Association (IFAMA) Student
Case Study Competition.**

![IFAMA-Denmark-2016](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/IFAMA-
Denmark-2016-360x270.jpg)

Santa Clara University sent 5 of its top students representing the Center for
Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CFIE) of the Leavey School of Business
to compete. Congratulations to students Jamie Monk, Greg Pruett, Campbell
Oreglia, Mark Peters, and Courtney Robinson for their 1st place win in the
graduate advanced division.

The Student Case Competition provides students an opportunity to showcase
their skills for food and agribusiness professionals attending the conference
and offers universities an opportunity to showcase their students. The
competition consists of teams who simulate a fast turn-around analysis and
presentation to a senior management team on an industry topic.

The team’s advisors Professor Michael Harwood and CFIE Assistant Director,
Erika French-Arnold worked with students for over 8 weeks researching and
preparing for the task of competing against teams from around the world. This
is **  SCU’s second 1st place win in 3 years reflecting the strength of the
MBA program at the university.**

* * *

#### SCU Brings Home Second Place at IFAMA 2014

This summer, five MBA students had the opportunity to travel to Capetown,
South Africa, to compete in the International Food and Agribusiness Management
Association’s (IFAMA) Annual Case Study Competition. The conference focused on
the potential of African Agribusiness, in which each team got the same case
and had to read, analyze, make a recommendation, and present their analysis to
a panel of judges. There were a total of over 20 teams from all over the
world, and Santa Clara brought home second place!

![FAI-Courtney-Robinson-Thumbnail](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/cfie-
people/FAI-Courtney-Robinson-Thumbnail-200x200.jpg)

Courtney Robinson, a teammate for the competition in Capetown, expresses “this
experience really brought us together as a team. I no longer think of these
individuals as my teammates or even MBA classmates, but rather as some of my
best friends—not only did we do an awesome job analyzing a case and
recommending some creative and innovative business solutions, we created
relationships with each other that will last a very long time. I have learned
so much from these amazing individuals, and look forward to seeing the
incredible things they continue to pursue and achieve in their futures”.

The students were able to meet some important individuals throughout the
industry, attend seminars on pressing agribusiness issues and connect with
people from all over the world. The unique opportunities the team is exposed
to are unbounded. This year, the case study competition will take place in
Minneapolis, Minnesota. TheCenter for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship is
thrilled to put together another team for this event, and continue the
relationship building experience that IFAMA offers all its participants.

* * *



#### SCU Students Headed to South Africa to Compete

In a mere four months, five Santa Clara University students will be off to
Cape Town, South Africa, to compete in the 2014 International Food and
Agribusiness Management Association’s Case Study Competition.

Last year, twenty-two teams from around the world were given two rounds of
competition to make it to the top, and Santa Clara University’s team made
number one. It goes unsaid that the team this year hopes to accomplish as much
as the 2013 team, and will be practicing quite frequently until the day they
fly out.

“We are going to put our best foot forward, and practice as much as necessary
until we feel we are prepared to tackle whatever cases come our way” says
Jennifer Visscher, current team member.

![Annual-IFAMA](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Annual-
IFAMA-360x360.jpg)

The team consists of five current Master’s of Business Administration
students, each with different areas of expertise, including: Courtney
Robinson, Jennifer Visscher, Michael Billikopf (who was also on the team last
year in Atlanta, GA), Rudy Siwy and Quentin Topping

The competition this year will be focused on African agribusiness challenges.
The team is very excited to delve into research and familiarize themselves
with this area of agribusiness. All five students are looking forward to
meeting and networking with teams from all around the world in the hopes of
providing businesspeople everywhere a different perspective on the current
issues at hand.

* * *



#### SCU Students Take First Place at IFAMA Case Competition!

Congratulations to Alvin Chen, Tina Cosentino, Ngoc Dao, Michael Billikopf,
and Zach Wise for taking First Place in the International Food and
Agribusiness Management Association’s Annual Case Study Competition! The team,
who are all SCU MBA students, traveled to Atlanta, Georgia in June to compete
in the competition.

The IFAMA International Student Case Competition is one of many features of
the IFAMA annual world conference. The Competition provides an opportunity for
MBA students to participate in a simulated analysis of a business management
problem. The students have a chance to apply their MBA skills and education
while networking with like-minded students and businesspeople. The competition
requires the students to know the strengths and weaknesses of their team
members and requires independent thinking as well as teamwork and
collaboration.

The 2013 Competition brought together students from a number of different
countries, providing participants with a diverse and enriching experience. The
22 teams worked for four hours on the first case, digesting the case,
developing a creative and practical solution, and building a presentation that
accurately communicated their analysis and recommendations. A panel of judges
deliberated over the different solutions and narrowed the pool down to four
finalist.

The final four teams included Santa Clara, University of Hawaii, Wageningen
University, and Nanjing University. The top four teams proceeded to the second
round and completed another case study analysis. The Santa Clara team
triumphed in the second round and took home First Place! FAI is thrilled by
the efforts of the SCU IFAMA team and is excited to see what else the bright
students will do in the future, both at Santa Clara and beyond!

### IFAMA 2013 Student Competition

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
    * [Undergraduate Pathway](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/undergraduate-pathway/)
    * [MBA Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/)
      * [Required Courses](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/required-courses/)
      * [Prospective Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/prospective-students/)
      * [Financial Aid & Scholarships](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/financial-aid/)
      * MBA IFAMA Competition
    * [Internship Opportunities](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/internship-opportunities/)
    * [Industry Education](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/industry-education/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

