Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/prospective-students/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Prospective Students

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  5. [MBA Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/)
  6. Prospective Students 

Previous Next

Prospective Students

Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship MBA Specialization

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship offers a number of
programs that prepare students for careers in the food and agribusiness
industry. Our premier program is called Food & Agribusiness MBA Specialization
as part of the MBA degree in the Leavey School of Business.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Graduation-
Cap-360x209.png)

Since 1973, the Center has awarded over 600 of these specialized degrees. Our
alumni work in all aspects of the food industry in California and worldwide.
For a sampling of the firms employing our alumni, visit our links to alumni
firms. To find out how to apply to the MBA program click on the Admissions
tab.

In addition to the specialization in food and agribusiness management, the
CFIE offers an executive training program in July and custom management
education programs for a number of client organizations.



##### Required Courses:

__

**MGMT 3540 – Food Industry Management**

Focuses on the key issues and management decisions necessary to effectively
lead food and agribusiness firms in the competitive, global food system.
Includes topics on the principal regulations and regulatory bodies governing
the food industry, food safety and crisis management, ethical issues in food
production and distribution, and resource and environment issues.
Prerequisite: MGMT 505 or MGMT 2505 or MGMT 3505. (4 units)

**MGMT 3541  \- Strategy Development in Food & Beverage Industries**

MGMT 3541 focuses on analysis of the strategic options facing innovating,
high-margin food and agribusinesses worldwide. Emphasis is on discussion of
business strategy cases featuring fresh produce, wine industry, food
processing, retail grocery and restaurant companies. Teams work together to
prepare case analyses for presentation to the class. Presentations are
videotaped. Students receive feedback and are coached on how to enhance their
performance. (4 units)

**MGMT 3543  – Food Industry Innovation**

MGMT 3543 focuses on analysis of the strategic options facing innovating,
high-margin food and agribusinesses worldwide. Emphasis is on discussion of
business strategy cases featuring fresh produce, wine industry, food
processing, retail grocery and restaurant companies. Teams work together to
prepare case analyses for presentation to the class. Presentations are
videotaped. Students receive feedback and are coached on how to enhance their
performance. (4 units) (Prerequisite MGMT 3000).

  
  

##### Financial Aid and Institute Scholarships

__

Students pursuing an MBA with a specialization in food & agribusiness
management are eligible for scholarship funding from the Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship Institute, from the Leavey School of Business
and Administration, and from the University. The Institute awards over
$100,000 per year in scholarships.

Download a copy of our brochure.  Submit your completed application by email
to CFIE@scu.edu

You can get information about financial aid from the Leavey School of Business
by clicking here.

You can get information about financial aid from the University by clicking
here.

##### Admissions

__

Students wishing to pursue a Concentration in Food and Agribusiness must apply
to the MBA program. Once enrolled in the MBA program, students may choose the
food and agribusiness concentration. To learn how to apply to the MBA program
click here.

##### Enrichment Programs

__

Students are encouraged to enhance their coursework with the **[enrichment
programs](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/internship-opportunities/ "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship » Education at CFIE » Enrichment Programs")**  offered by the
Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Institute (CFIE).

Through the **[Internship Program](/business/cfie/education-at-
cfie/internship-opportunities/#d.en.76929 "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship » Education at CFIE
» Enrichment Programs » ACC1-1: Internship Program")** , students have the
opportunity to apply their classroom education in a professional work
environment.

The CFIE's **[Mentor Program](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/internship-
opportunities/#d.en.76930 "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center
for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship » Education at CFIE » Enrichment
Programs » ACC1-2: Mentor Program")**  connects students with professionals
working in the students’ areas of interest.

The **[Field Trips and Immersion Trips](/business/cfie/education-at-
cfie/internship-opportunities/#d.en.76931 "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship » Education at CFIE
» Enrichment Programs » ACC1-3: Field Trips")**  offered through the Institute
expose students to the rich diversity of the food industry through domestic
and international field experiences.

In addition to enrichment programs, students are encouraged to participate in
educational and social events offered throughout the year.

## [Courtney Robinson](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-
students/prospective-students/robinson-courtney/)

* * *

For fun, Courtney studied abroad in Kenya, as well as travelled with FAI's
immersion team to Ghana and Burma. In her spare time she enjoys reading,
baking, and traveling.

[Read More »](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/prospective-
students/robinson-courtney/)

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
    * [Undergraduate Pathway](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/undergraduate-pathway/)
    * [MBA Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/)
      * [Required Courses](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/required-courses/)
      * Prospective Students
      * [Financial Aid & Scholarships](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/financial-aid/)
      * [MBA IFAMA Competition](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/mba-ifama-competition/)
    * [Internship Opportunities](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/internship-opportunities/)
    * [Industry Education](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/industry-education/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

