Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/cuba/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Cuba

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  5. Cuba 

Cuba Immersive Study Trip

### ![cuba-banner-720.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/cuba-banner-720-720x256.jpg)

### Permaculture: Cultivating Solutions

By Max Williamson

   During the FAI’s most recent immersive study trip in September, fourteen
undergraduates and two faculty members navigated Western Cuba. With a goal to
realize unique outcomes of Cuban economic development, namely in sustainable
agriculture, the group visited numerous urban and rural farms that implement
sustainability across all aspects of agriculture. At the first farm toured in
Cojimar, not far from where the timeless movie, “The Old Man and the Sea” was
filmed, the students were introduced to permaculture and its core belief,
which is “not to identify problems, but opportunities.”  Resonating beyond
this era and that idyllic seaside farm, this truism has pushed forward Cuba’s
agricultural sector since the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991. The ensuing
isolation, famine, and hunger that crippled the largest island in the
Caribbean produced one of the world’s most sustainable food systems,
indicating that the “Special Period” did not tarnish Cubans’ imagination,
rather it cultivated a culture of innovation and environmental stewardship
that remains unknown to many Americans.

    The students quickly understood the importance of permaculture when learning about Cuba’s “Special Period.” At the Antonio Nunez Jimenez Foundation outside Havana, an economist shared startling facts reflecting Cuba’s reliance on the Soviet Union. For example, in 1989 the USSR provided Cuba 1.4 million tons of fertilizer, but in 1993 Cuba had access to only 250,000 tons of fertilizer. This event and others led a collapse in food production, and hunger overtook daily living. What enabled Cuba’s food production to rebound can be partially explained by the development of organic farming and permaculture sites. The next paragraph will present the creative ways that allow Cubans to now sustainably feed themselves.

    Each farm offered an original product or system never seen before by the students. The aforementioned farm in Cojimar operates the only ecological car wash in Cuba in addition to providing workshops for children. Their most popular program involves students building scarecrows from scraps found on the nearby beach. Not only are those scarecrows used for protecting the farm’s produce, but they are also used for providing a narrative on relationships, gender identity, and sex education. In Sancti Spiritus, a city south of Havana currently celebrating its 500th anniversary, a permaculture site slightly larger than a tennis court utilizes 170 tires to mimic terraced farming and establish systems for composting. The tires act as barriers, maintaining plant diversity. Finally, Cuban ingenuity presented itself through dry toilets, an ingenious device that creates fertilizer from human waste. This mechanism reduces costs, prevents pollution, and allows any person regardless of farming aptitude to participate in sustainable farming.

    The farmers emphasized to the students that permaculture is more than sustainable food production, it is a philosophical view of life. The students saw this philosophy applied through permaculture’s implementation of education, community engagement, and utilizing items deemed useless such as used bottles, tires, and rice husk. These types of actions make daily living enhance the environment and people come together for a purpose that benefits everyone. Problems become opportunities and the imagination becomes substance.

* * *

  1.   2.   3.   4. 

![IG: 1](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cuba-2-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 2](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cuba-3-360x247-1.jpg)

      

![IG: 3](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cuba-1-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 4](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cuba-4-360x247-1.jpg)

     

Previous Next

**[View the full Burma Flickr Set
here!](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fai_scu/albums/72157660289786787/with/22904318006/)**

### Cuban Perspectives

By Jenna Herzog

It only took two days for me to give up on the idea of coming to a final
judgment about Cuba.

As a group of American students, we naturally wanted to draw a comparison
between these two countries that, in many ways, represent opposite ends of the
spectrum. However, making clear-cut judgments about which aspects of each
country are “good” or “bad” proved an impossible goal, since everything became
a matter of perspective.

* * *

> “I think the trip challenged us to look at things critically. It’s easy to
look at the differences between other countries, but it’s really important to
think about ways that we’re similar,” said **Lauren Liu ’15**.

* * *

In Cuba the layers of truth, reality, and opinion create a jumbled web that we
only began untangling during our two-week immersion trip. After a few days we
already felt anxious to know where the truth lies. We started to get the sense
that no one—in Cuba or elsewhere—actually knows what’s going on around the
island. The reality we came to know is that uncovering the truth in Cuba is
complicated.

* * *

>  “It’s difficult to distinguish between what opinions you made yourself
versus the ones that were influenced by outside forces like what you’ve read
and opinions of the other students or of the Cubans,” said **Lauren Liu ’15**.

* * *

 Students on the trip agreed that what we had studied about Cuba back in the
U.S. wasn’t necessarily the full picture. The information we received from
books, websites, speakers, and news reports were all largely based on the
personal viewpoint of each author. A variety of experiences and opinions make
up the reality of Cuba, and people cannot be easily separated from their
biases.

* * *

>  “While in Cuba, I tried to always remember what our guide asked us on our
first day, which was to see Cuba with open eyes and an open mind. It helped me
look at Cuba without my previous perception,” said **Max Williamson ’15**.

* * *

 The knowledge we gained in the classroom is best described as a mismatched
patchwork of statistics, opinions, and representations of history that
competed with one another to accurately depict the country. Comparing this
impression to the information presented to us once we got to Cuba painted an
entirely new picture, full of complexities and gray areas. Motivated to
uncover the truth, we grew accustomed to asking our constantly growing list of
questions and then wondering which the responses were valid.  
Take the case of Internet access in Cuba for example.

 One Cuban told me that when the United States constructed the Internet cables
running beneath the Atlantic, they purposefully diverted around the island,
making connection difficult for them.

 “That’s what the Cuban government wants the Cubans to think,” responded an
American journalist with a smirk and an air of frankness that fit his hardball
New Yorker vibe.

 A 22-year-old university student gave me a confused look when I asked about
it. She asserted that Cubans have full Internet access; it just loads slowly
due to the dial up connection.

 And so is the story with every subject relating to life in Cuba.  
 “

* * *

> While trying to figure out the true reality of Cuba I began to question the
sources of information that I have used my whole life. I became aware that the
truth was probably somewhere in the middle. The best I can do is learn all
that I can, talk to as many people as I can, and evaluate for myself,” said
**Tony Ferrari ’15**.

* * *

 The bright side is that Cubans love to share, so we never had to search far
to get our questions answered. Walking down the streets, locals regularly
stopped us wanting to know where we were from and what we were up to. After
feeding their curiosity, Cubans were more than happy to return the favor,
always eagerly sharing their lives and experiences with us.

* * *

>  “Going to Cuba, I think I expected some sort of perspective change. However
I had no idea what was in store. I was pleased to experience such a beautiful
place and welcoming people,” said **Tony Ferrari ’15**

* * *

Perspective is everything in Cuba.  The important thing for us as students was
to approach the experience with open minds and the overall goal of
understanding the diverse viewpoints that together paint a picture of reality.
Cuban, American, emigrant, politician, journalist, artist, student: everyone
has their own story to tell about life in Cuba.

All of these stories helped us build new perspectives of a place that used to
be so foreign to each of us. To us, Cuba no longer means just an island off
the coast in Florida. It’s a place where we learned, grew, and built
connections with the people and the land. It’s a place different from our own
country, but that we can now understand through a new perspective.  
  
  

### Cuba 2014

The Food and Agribusiness Institute is looking forward to our immersive study
trip to Cuba in September 2014.

The Food, Hunger, Poverty, Environment trip is designed to help students meet
their social justice-oriented experiential learning requirements while
learning about issues related to food production and consumption, hunger,
poverty, and the environment.  The course blends short lectures, guided
discussions and reflections and a 14-day immersive study trip in Cuba
interacting with local people of diverse backgrounds for experiential active
learning. The two-quarter Business 151 course examines the history, culture,
educational system, economy, agricultural sector, and political and
governmental structure of Cuba. Students examine Cuba’s progress in achieving
the Millennium Development Goals. Each student is required to submit written
reflections and participate in team presentations about various aspects of
Cuba.

The goal is to increase students’ understanding of the challenges associated
with equitably distributing the rewards of economic development within the
socio-cultural and environmental contexts of a low-income Latin-American
country. The trip will take place September 4-18, 2014.



[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
    * [Past Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/past-immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

#### Cuba Factbook

**![cu-lgflag.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cu-
lgflag-360x180.gif)**

**Location:**

Caribbean, island between the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean, 150
km south of Key West, Florida

**Climate:**

tropical; moderated by trade winds; dry season (November to April); rainy
season (May to October)

**Terrain:**

mostly flat to rolling plains, with rugged hills and mountains in the
southeast

**Natural Resources:**

cobalt, nickel, iron ore, chromium, copper, salt, timber, silica, petroleum,
arable land

**Exports:**

petroleum **,** nickel, medical products, sugar, tobacco, fish, citrus, coffee

**Land Use:**

agricultural land: 60.3%

arable land 33.8%; permanent crops 3.6%; permanent pasture 22.9%

forest: 27.3%

other: 12.4% (2011 est.)

**Population:**

11,031,433 (July 2015 est.)

**Ethnic Groups:**

white 64.1%, mestizo 26.6%, black 9.3% (2012 est.)

 ![cu-map.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/cu-
map-360x183.gif)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

