Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/burma/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Burma

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  5. Burma 

Burma Immersive Study Trip

![burma-banner-720.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/burma-
banner-720-720x301.jpg)

On the 6th of September, a group of eleven undergraduate students and their
FAI leaders embarked on a trip to a country that has only recently opened its
doors to the rest of the world. We were on our way to Burma.

Our first stop was Burma's former capital, Yangon. Burma is now called
Myanmar, and Yangon was formerly Rangoon, but Americans still refer to the
country primarily as Burma. Once there, we took a walking tour of the town,
which included visits to numerous pagodas with lessons in Burmese history. We
had the opportunity to visit Shwedagon Pagoda, which, according to ancient
legend, is one of the oldest pagodas in the world. As a towering stupa covered
in gold leaf, the 344-foot tall pagoda was awe-inspiring for all of us.

The second day in Burma, however, was vastly different. We woke early in the
morning to leave Yangon for our first village stay. Our journey included a
four-hour bus ride, with a stop to visit the District Authority and meet local
and district officials and a visit to the local Catholic school. After a two
hour open-top boat ride in drenching rain which **Aaron Griffith '14**
compared to Apocalypse Now, we finally arrived. The villagers were ecstatic,
as they had never before received foreign visitors. We were welcomed with
song, dance, and more food than could ever be eaten by a group of fourteen
people. **Colleen Fisher '14** , said,

* * *

> "The hospitality we received both at the village and throughout the whole
country was amazing, and makes you step back and look at how our society
treats each other, as well as outsiders."

* * *

The elder monk of the village welcomed us to his home and shared thoughts on
the village and Buddhism. Everyone, both visitors and locals, took a walk to a
rice paddy just as the sun was setting, and then headed back to the village
for dinner before turning in for the night. The next day, we woke early to
offer breakfast to the elder monk and he led us in meditation. Our group
visited schools and a rice mill before leaving the village on the boat
(luckily in the sun this time!) and headed back to Yangon where we all went to
bed early and prepped for the early morning flight to our next destination.



  1.   2.   3.   4. 

![IG: 1](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/burma-2-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 2](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/burma-4-360x247-1.jpg)

      

![IG: 3](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/burma-1-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 4](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/slideshow-
test/burma-4-640x360-1.jpg)

     

Previous Next

**[View the full Burma Flickr Set
here!](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fai_scu/sets/72157636842558405/with/10427163013/)**

* * *

The second stop in Burma was Bagan, the country's plain of ancient pagodas.
The first day was filled with pagodas: brick pagodas, gold pagodas, pagodas
you could walk inside, and more! We were even able to climb to the top of a
pagoda and gain our first real glimpse of Bagan. The panoramas were
unbelievable and there were pagodas as far as the eye could see. The day ended
with a sunset boat ride along the Irrawaddy River and dinner as a group. The
following day began with a visit to the top of a pagoda just as the sun was
rising. This was followed by a stop to a local palm sugar factory and peanut
farm where we saw the traditional Burmese way for making peanut oil and
extracting palm sugar. We then travelled to Mt. Popa and climbed 800 steps
surrounded by monkeys to Taung Kalat, a hilltop shrine with breathtaking
views. That night, we were given free timeso five of us decided to take a taxi
to go to a pagoda and watch the sunset. We climbed up to the top of the pagoda
about half an hour before the sun set and immediately knew we made the right
choice. The sunset was absolutely beautiful and lit up the entire sky. There
was a lightning storm in the distance as well, which made it even more
beautiful. The other students and I were having such a good time that we
didn't realize it had gotten dark and the temple officials needed to ask us to
leave. It was one of those life moments that I know none of us will ever
forget.

The last day in Bagan was a beautiful one as well, in a much different way. We
visited PACT, a micro-finance organization that has bettered the lives of many
women and their families in Burma. It exists all over the country but we
visited the Dry Zone branch. We were invited to meet with more than 200 women
who have received loans from this organization. It was a humbling experience
for all of us because they were all so welcoming and happy that we were there.
We were divided into small groups and, with the help of numerous translators,
were able to hear individual stories of women whose lives were changed by the
money they have received through micro-finance. We also visited the shops of
multiple women who had received loans from PACT and saw firsthand how the
program is making a difference. It was truly amazing to see the change that
this micro-finance organization was making. We first talked to those who ran
the organization and they presented an overview of the project, but meeting
the women who were empowered by the loans and hearing about their lives, both
before and after they received the loans, was completely different.

The third stop in Burma was the Inle Lake region. We started with a hike in
Pindaya, a local town consisting of multiple villages. In order to get to the
monastery where we would be staying for the night, we first had to hike up and
down slippery slopes in intermittent rains for more than four hours. While
this made for a long day, it was easily one of the most memorable experiences
for all of us. We were able to see a whole new side of Burma as we walked by
homes and farms in the mountains and observed everyday life for the people who
lived there, which was different than in other places we visited because of
the village's remote location. The hike finished at the monastery where we
talked with the village leader, the head monk, the village midwife, and other
local people about their lives in Burma. **Jamie Monk '16** said

* * *

> "It was really interesting seeing how their micro-economy is managed and
seeing the different systems used compared to the United States, especially
with regards to local government."

* * *

For the next two days, we took to the water and headed out onto Inle Lake.
These days were filled with activities including visits to a local home built
on stilts over the lake, a Burmese Cat Village, a local pagoda, lotus weaving
shop, multiple local food shops, and more. We also learned a lot about fishing
and farming on the lake. We stopped by the boats of some local fishermen
andwatched how they row and fish. Some of us, myself included, even tried it
out for ourselves and found that it was much harder than it looked. We were
even told to wear life jackets as we tried it, since they figured that we
would fall in! Luckily, none of us did.  
  

![burma-wat.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/burma-
wat-276x182.jpg)

In addition to fishing on the lake, there is a lot of farming as well. We
stopped at a floating garden, which is a piece of land basically floating on
the edges of the lake, and in the late tributaries where people grow all of
their vegetables. We were able to step onto the island and see what farming
would be like if we were to farm there. The farmers gather up lake-bottom
weeds from the deeper parts of the lake, bring them back in boats and make
them into floating beds in their garden areas, anchored by bamboo poles.

The trip was one of the most memorable and lasting experiences that the group
and I have ever had. We made so many memories and learned about such a vastly
different way of life, and our timing was impeccable. **Lynsey Palmer '14** ,
another member of our group expressed the feeling of the trip well, saying "As
Myanmar becomes more and more developed, I realize that many of the
experiences we had will never happen again," and she's probably right. We are
all so grateful to be able to share this experience with each other and are
thankful to FAI for the opportunity.

~ Written by **Lisa McMonagle** , an FAI employee and FHPE Pathway student

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
    * [Past Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/past-immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

![burma-2016.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/hometest/burma-2016-265x344.jpg)

#### Burma Factbook

![bm-lgflag.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/bm-
lgflag-360x203.gif)

**Location:**

Southeastern Asia, bordering the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal, between
Bangladesh and Thailand

**Climate:**

tropical monsoon; cloudy, rainy, hot, humid summers (southwest monsoon, June
to September); less cloudy, scant rainfall, mild temperatures, lower humidity
during winter (northeast monsoon, December to April)

**Terrain:**

central lowlands ringed by steep, rugged highlands

**Natural Resources:**

petroleum, timber, tin, antimony, zinc, copper, tungsten, lead, coal, marble,
limestone, precious stones, natural gas, hydropower, arable land

**Exports:**

natural gas; wood products; pulses and beans; fish; rice; clothing; minerals,
including jade and gems

**Land Use:**

agricultural land: 19.2%

arable land 16.5%; permanent crops 2.2%; permanent pasture 0.5%

forest: 48.2%

other: 32.6% (2011 est.)

**Population:**

56,320,206 (July 2015 est.)

**Ethnic Groups:**

Burman 68%, Shan 9%, Karen 7%, Rakhine 4%, Chinese 3%, Indian 2%, Mon 2%,
other 5%

;![bm-map.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/bm-
map-328x715.gif)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

