Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/ghana/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Ghana

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  5. Ghana 

Ghana Immersive Study Trip

![ghana-banner-720.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/ghana-
banner-720-720x237.jpg)



From June 17th through June 28th, **Erika French-Arnold** , Assistant Director
of FAI, and **Mike Harwood** , FAI Alumnus and Lecturer, led Santa Clara
University's immersive study experience in Ghana. Erika and Mike accompanied
11 students and one student leader to Ghana where the students interacted with
the local community to learn and develop their passion for solidarity and
social justice.

**Odame (Fred) Phillips** , a Ghanaian MBA student, accompanied the team
throughout their journey. His love for Ghana and words of wisdom greatly
influenced the student's perspectives.

* * *

> "He managed to enhance the meaning of our experiences by sending us off with
new ambitions to make a difference, for ourselves and for others. He talked
about his belief that each human being is placed on Earth with the purpose to
change and improve something in the world. He lives by this belief. He talked
about the importance of humility in finding fulfillment in life. My favorite
thing he said was 'stay humble, stay focused, and the world will come to
you'".  
> – **Joey Coleman, '15**

* * *

In the previous trips to Ghana in 2009, the students raised $3,000 to build
two houses for the Habitat for Humanity community they visited. With this past
success, the students this year were warmly greeted upon their arrival into
the community. After a brief introduction, the students accompanied their host
to his or her home. During this time, the students talked with each of their
host families about their lives and what they do for a living. Having the
students in such an intimate setting with these families allowed for deep
discussion and understanding of what a Ghanaian lifestyle is like.

* * *

> In the Habitat for Humanity village we stayed in, Max and I were lodging
with a man named James who was employed as a taxi driver. James was another
person that left a profound impact on me because of his hospitality and
kindness. I was worried that we might be intrusions into his home but he was
very quick to discourage these thoughts. Max and I both had some great talks
with James that left me with a lot of faith left in the world, at one point
telling both of us that, 'we are all one people'".  
> – **Will Finn, '13**

* * *

While in Ghana, the students engaged in a multitude of activities. Some of the
students' most memorable experiences include the slave castles of Cape Coast,
interacting with Ghanaians at an HIV/AIDS clinic and spending an hour teaching
at local elementary schools. In addition to the more emotional activities, the
students let off some steam while taking fun hikes to waterfalls and getting
an adrenaline rush while walking across a canopy bridge 130 ft. high!

  1.   2.   3.   4. 

![IG: 1](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/ghana-5-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 2](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/ghana-4-360x247-1.jpg)

      

![IG: 3](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/ghana-3-360x247-1.jpg)

     

![IG: 4](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/immersion/ghana-1-360x247-1.jpg)

     

Previous Next

**[View the full Ghana Flickr Set
here!](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fai_scu/albums/72157621645473671/with/3743913683/)**

* * *

> "The trip to Ghana was incredible, from getting to know the rest of the
group, learning about the culture, and seeing the natural beauty of a
different continent; it was unreal!"  
> – **Max Walter, '13**

* * *

One of the ways in which the students were able to immerse themselves in the
culture of Ghana was through the expansive markets. Strolling through Kumasi
market, the largest in West Africa, trying to avoid collision with people as
well as ducking under the vast bowls used for carrying supplies on the
Ghanaian's heads was quite the experience. The items sold in these markets
ranged from soccer jerseys, which many of the students purchased, to dried
fish and toothpaste to the delicious fruits and vegetables grown in local
farms. Basically, anything desired by the average household could be found
within this market.

* * *

> "Having been to Kenya, I thought I was familiar with African style markets.
However, the Kumasi market went far beyond my preconceived thoughts. I have
never seen so many people in one place. It was so large and filled with people
that I got lost. I was lucky to have found Fred searching for my buddy,
Brenda, and me, 15 minutes after we were supposed to have met up with the
group".  
> – **Courtney Robinson, '12**

* * *

Not only were the markets of Ghana memorable, but the environment was just as
astounding. Taking scenic hikes to waterfalls and an "umbrella" shaped rock
really opened the students' eyes to the beauty of Ghana. These hikes, along
with the Kukum National Park canopy trail, helped the students understand the
Ghanaian sense of pride in their country. There is an abundance of natural
resources and an infinite amount of environmental beauty that captivates all
who travel to Ghana.

Fortunately for the students, Fred works in agricultural cocoa production and
gave them a presentation in a small village cocoa tree grove on harvest and
production methods. Fred commented how a large percentage of chocolate
companies purchase their cocoa from Ghana. During the presentation, the
Ghanaian village came to greet the students. It was interesting to see
children roaming away from their parents to flock to us at markets and in
other areas, considering that Americans are used to parents making sure their
children are always within sight. The explanation Fred gave is that Ghanaian
communities are very trusting of one another, and think of their neighbors as
extended family to their children.

* * *

> "It was mentioned that many Ghanaian communities look after one another like
family members, which is the reason why parents abstain from the typical
American parenting style of 'hovering', and are able to feel comfortable with
their kids roaming about with strangers. Meeting and playing with the kids of
the village proved just that".  
> – **Ashley Acosta, '14**

* * *

The return to America was bittersweet for many students, as they thoroughly
enjoyed their Ghanaian cultural experience. The next step of the immersive
study program is to raise money for a specific cause or organization within
Ghana. While on the trip, the students displayed interest in funding the local
elementary schools, because they do not receive sufficient funding to provide
for the educational needs of the students.  
    In addition, the students would also like to help the individuals they met at an HIV/AIDS clinic. Deciding how they will focus their efforts for fundraising will be a challenge, but they are determined to contribute to the bettering of one of these causes.

* * *

> "I am not looking to have a passing experience that I bring up when people
ask me what I did over the summer; I want to really incorporate it into my
life".  
> –  **Brenda Alba, '13**

* * *

The main goal of the trip was to gain exposure to the economic, social, and
cultural dimensions of everyday rural life. Ultimately, the students gained
this and more from the immersion. The trip to Ghana is without a doubt an
experience that will continue to extend learning outside the classroom at
Santa Clara University. FAI is committed to establishing an immersion trip
each year to different countries that fills the gap between the classroom and
outside experiences.

* * *

> "I realize that I was not in Ghana to build houses, paint buildings, or cure
AIDS. Rather, I was in Ghana to immerse myself in a wildly unique culture,
experience global needs, and witness social problems that must be solved. I
was there to determine which issues I am truly passionate about fixing. I was
there to develop an enthusiastic drive that will guide my life in the future.
I was there to discover that I have the power to make a difference in the
world. Everyone has that power".  
> – **Natalie Ceciliani, '15**

* * *

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
    * [Past Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/past-immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

#### Ghana Factbook

![gh-lgflag.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/gh-
lgflag-360x240.gif)

**Location:**

Western Africa, bordering the Gulf of Guinea, between Cote d'Ivoire and Togo

**Climate:**

tropical; warm and comparatively dry along southeast coast; hot and humid in
southwest; hot and dry in north

**Terrain:**

mostly low plains with dissected plateau in south-central area

**Natural Resources:**

gold, timber, industrial diamonds, bauxite, manganese, fish, rubber,
hydropower, petroleum, silver, salt, limestone

**Exports:**

oil, gold, cocoa, timber, tuna, bauxite, aluminum, manganese ore, diamonds,
horticultural products

**Land Use:**

agricultural land: 69.1%

arable land 20.7%; permanent crops 11.9%; permanent pasture 36.5%

forest: 21.2%

other: 9.7% (2011 est.)

**Population:**

26,327,649

**Ethnic Groups:**

Akan 47.5%, Mole-Dagbon 16.6%, Ewe 13.9%, Ga-Dangme 7.4%, Gurma 5.7%, Guan
3.7%, Grusi 2.5%, Mande 1.1%, other 1.4% (2010 est.)

![gh-map.gif](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/immersion/gh-
map-328x353.gif)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

