Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/news-stories/chairs-message.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. News Stories
  5. Chair's Message 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/Yongtae-Photo-\(for-intro-
article\)-2-160x120.jpg)

## Chair's Message

I want to thank all of you who contribute time and financial support to our
program.

### Professor Yongtae Kim

![Professor Yongtae Kim](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/Yongtae-200.jpg)

After nearly forty years at Santa Clara, Professor Jim Sepe will retire at the
end of this academic year.  Jim has been instrumental to the growth of the
Accounting Department. His accomplishments and contributions to the Department
are quite remarkable. He established the Accounting Advisory Board and helped
to create the Accounting Development Fund, a stable source of funding for the
Department. He also strengthened alumni relations by launching several
departmental events and activities, including bringing this newsletter series
into existence. The Department will dearly miss his presence. Because of Jim’s
leadership, the Department blossomed into a nationally ranked program over the
past four decades.

This year our undergraduate accounitng program is ranked 19th in the nation by
U.S. News and World Report, moving from 23rd last year. This ranking reflects
our students' huge success in the job market and the quality of our faculty.

In the 2017 senior survey, 88% (85% of accounting majors and 100% of A&IS
majors) indicated that they had accepted a position by spring of the senior
year. These are easily the highest placement rates in the Business School. Our
students also report high levels of internship participation. In 2017, 86% of
seniors had participated in an internship; 45% reported two or more
internships. The statistics also show that about half of these internships are
corporate internships and the remaining half are internships at the accounting
firms.

Our faculty continues to publish in premier outlets. In the past academic
year, our faculty has published in the _Journal of Accounting and Economics_
and the _Review of Accounting Studies_ , top journals in accounting, as well
as in the _Journal of International Business Studies_ , the top-ranked journal
in the area of International Business. Over the past six years, our faculty
members have published 15 papers in the most prestigious accounting and
business journals. These publications include four in _The Accounting Review_
, three in the _Journal of Accounting and Economics_ , one in the _Journal of
Accounting Research_ , three in the _Review of Accounting Studies_ , two in
the _Contemporary Accounting Research_ ,  and one each in the _Management
Science_ and the _Journal of International Business Studies_.

The department added two new faculty members this year. Hyungshin Park joins
the department as a tenure-track Associate Professor. Hyungshin received his
doctoral degree from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2010. He
was a faculty member at Southern Methodist University for the past seven
years.  Hyungshin teaches managerial accounting classes and is very interested
in developing AIS and data analytics courses. Amanda Badger joins the
department as a tenure-track Assistant Professor. Amanda will receive her
doctoral degree from University of Rochester. She teaches financial accounting
classes at Santa Clara.

This past year, the department’s Advisory Board experienced some turnover. Jim
Callas, a long-time board member and a former CFO at InvenSense, retired from
the board seat. The department deeply appreciates his contributions over the
past 13 years. The Board added three new members. Kim McCormick, a partner at
Grant Thornton LLP, has replaced Elise Parker. Jeff Nishita, a partner at
Novogradac & Company LLP, and James Lynch, CFO and Treasurer at San Jose Water
Company, have also joined the Board. The Board has elected Joe Allanson,
Executive Vice President and CAO/Controller at Salesforce.com, as the Vice
President. Chantal Adam, a partner at KPMG will serve the two-year term as the
Board President.

We are proud of our students, dedicated faculty, and outstanding staff. These
elements are building blocks for the success of our program but I cannot
envision our success without the support of donors and terrific accounting
alumni. I want to thank all of you who contribute time and financial support
to our program. It is my pleasure to share this year’s newsletter with you.

Yongtae Kim, Chair

Accounting Department

###### Dec 18, 2017

ACTG.

313590

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

