Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/news-stories/stepping-into-retirement-professor-jim-sepe.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. News Stories
  5. Stepping into Retirement: Professor Jim Sepe 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-news/New-
Zealand-002_edited-1-760x400.jpg)

## Stepping into Retirement: Professor Jim Sepe

Longtime professor Jim Sepe will be retiring at the end of the 2017-2018
academic year. Even for accountants who specialize in collecting and
summarizing information, it is difficult to list all the contributions Jim has
made to our accounting department and more broadly to accounting education.

Longtime professor Jim Sepe will be retiring at the end of the 2017-2018
academic year.

## **Happy Retirement, Dr. Sepe!**

Professor Jim Sepe will be retiring at the end of the 2017-2018 academic year.
Even for accountants who specialize in collecting and summarizing information,
it is difficult to list all the contributions Jim has made to our accounting
department and more broadly to accounting education. He has taught and advised
countless students, influenced at least three-quarters of a million students
through his textbook, and vastly expanded the department’s scholarship
program. Under his leadership, the accounting department deepened and
formalized strong relationships with the professional community, broadened our
major offerings, improved accounting education for our undergraduates and
attained AACSB accreditation.

Jim embarked on his career as an accounting graduate of  SCU (Class of 1969).
His senior accounting class numbered twenty-five: 23 men and two women.
Immediately after graduation he joined the Army Reserves and completed basic
training, then entered the MBA program at UC Berkeley. Even at this early
moment, he knew that at some future point he wanted to teach and work with
students. He subsequently began his accounting career as a staff auditor at
Arthur Andersen, then transitioned to a small firm in Washington state. In
1976, he entered the University of Washington doctoral program. He completed
the accounting Ph.D. in only three years, highly motivated by a family that
included three children!

![Jim Sepe in his younger days.](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/accounting/actg-news/Sepe-\(1\)-360x270.jpg)

Jim rejoined SCU as an Assistant Professor in 1979 and was awarded tenure in
1985. In 1988, he was asked to take on the leadership of the department, and
served as Chair for eight years. Under his leadership the department developed
in new and important directions. The foundations were laid to strengthen the
department’s research productivity, and our approach to general accounting
education for all business majors changed from a bookkeeping orientation to an
approach that teaches students to understand and interpret financial
statements. An Advisory Board was formed, including representatives of many of
the most prominent accounting firms and companies in the Valley. This Board
has continued for almost 30 years, supporting accounting education and keeping
the department in touch with the needs of the professional community. A yearly
newsletter was initiated to inform alumni, parents and students, and the
existing scholarship program was greatly expanded. To date, the scholarship
program, supported by the generosity of our professional partners, has given
almost a half million dollars to support academic excellence. A few years
later, Jim was instrumental in creating the Accounting and Information Systems
major.

Another major accomplishment was the successful application for AACSB
accreditation for the Accounting Department in 1996. The accreditation process
involves a thorough review of the quality of all aspects of the department’s
operations, and must be renewed every five years. Only four other California
universities hold this prestigious accreditation.

While working on these departmental initiatives, Jim was also teaching the
Intermediate I accounting class, and becoming increasingly dissatisfied with
the available texts. He joined with Professor David Spiceland to write a text
that would better serve students by being written in a conversational style,
as though the professor and student were sitting across the table from each
other, and include real life examples instead of lists of accounting rules.
Through 26 years and eight editions, at least 750,000 students have used the
Sepe, Spiceland text, including  a Canadian version, an International
Financial Reporting Standards adaptation, and a Chinese translation.

![Jim Sepe Personal Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/IMG_2511.JPG)

Jim’s contributions to education were recognized in 2013 by a generous
alumnus, Lewis Chew (SCU ‘84), Chief Financial Officer of Dolby Laboratories.
Lewis endowed the Sepe Scholarship to honor Jim’s teaching and service and to
support the academic achievement of Accounting and A&IS majors. Lewis wrote to
us:

_I think I was a sophomore the first time I took one of his classes. I was too
young to know much about anything.   At the time, I probably thought that he
was "just" a really good accounting professor. In reality, it was far greater
than that. Forget the debits and credits. I was also learning the value of
passion and collaboration and integrity - don't forget to throw in a sense of
humor. It would be easy to underestimate, but difficult to overstate, the
positive impact that Dr. Sepe has had on me and my family. I will be forever
grateful to him._

What will the coming years hold? Jim says he isn’t sure, but he will enjoy
spending more time with his wife, Barbara (retired from teaching in the San
Jose Unified School District), children (Matt, Dave and Kristina) and three
grandchildren.  Jim and Barb also plan to travel, with Africa, Alaska and
Australia on the short list (and then on to Zimbabwe?). They also plan to
spend more time skiing at their Tahoe home and other snowy destinations. Jim
promises he will be back on occasion - don’t be surprised if he turns up at a
future department event.

From all the Accounting faculty and staff, we wish Jim and Barb the best of
luck and a long and joyous retirement, filled with family and fun.

## **_Thanks for everything!_**



###### Dec 15, 2017

ACTG, LSB, home,

284145

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

