Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/news-stories/introducing-new-faculty-members.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. News Stories
  5. Introducing New Faculty Members 

## Introducing New Faculty Members

The Accounting Department welcomes two new tenure-track faculty members,
Amanda Badger and Hyungshin Park, to the accounting family. Both of them will
begin teaching undergraduate accounting courses in 2017-18.

The Accounting Department welcomes two new tenure-track faculty members,
Amanda Badger and Hyungshin Park, to the accounting family. Both of them will
begin teaching undergraduate accounting courses in 2017-18.

### **Amanda Badger**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/Badger_Amanda-2017-DONJ4364-web-1-360x240.jpg)

Amanda Badger is earning her doctorate from the University of Rochester. Prior
to that, she attended Sierra Nevada College and graduated Summa Cum Laude with
a B.S.B.A. in entrepreneurship and global business.

Amanda’s scholarship focuses on the pricing of earnings information and the
economic determinants and consequences of voluntary disclosure. In her
doctoral dissertation, she examines how changes over time in the properties of
earnings affect the market's ability to anticipate future earnings. Amanda
also works on several interesting research projects, one of which investigates
whether attending invitation only broker-hosted conferences better enables
investors to predict future earnings.

Amanda’s primary teaching interest at Santa Clara in financial accounting. Her
prior teaching experience includes lab instructor for corporate financial
accounting and teaching assistant for MBA and undergraduate students at the
University of Rochester.

Amanda is originally from the East Bay. She lived in Western New York for the
last five years while completing her PhD. Amanda moved to Santa Clara this
summer with her husband, Brett. In her free time Amanda enjoys cooking,
traveling, and spending time with her family.

* * *

### **Dr. Hyungshin Park**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/hyungshin_parkDONJ5510-web-1-360x240.jpg)

Dr. Hyungshin Park joins Santa Clara from Southern Methodist University in
Dallas, TX, where he spent the last several years as an Assistant Professor of
Accounting. Hyungshin earned both his Ph.D. and Master's in Accounting from
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and his B.S. in Electronic
Engineering from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology. He
worked at KPMG in Atlanta and Hong Kong for a few years. He currently holds a
CPA license in Texas.

Hyungshin has diverse research interests. His scholarship has examined topics
such as measurement error and bias in analysts’ forecasts, rational pricing of
earnings management, and executive compensation and risk taking. In a recently
published article in the Journal of Accounting and Research, he finds evidence
that the use of relative performance evaluation in CEOs’ incentive contracts
influences the effect of risk-taking incentives on both the magnitude and
composition of firm risk.

Hyungshin has taught introductory financial accounting and cost accounting at
the undergraduate level at Southern Methodist University. His primary teaching
responsibility at Santa Clara is managerial accounting. With his engineering
background, Hyungshin is interested in developing courses in information
systems in the future.

Hyungshin moved to Santa Clara this summer. In his free time, Hyungshin enjoys
watching and playing tennis matches and likes to go hiking.

**A full faculty listing can be found
[here.](https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/faculty/)**

###### Dec 14, 2017

ACTG, LSB

283035

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

