Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business-launches-online-mba.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Santa Clara University Leavey School of Business Launches Online MBA 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Online-MBA-760x400.jpeg)

## Santa Clara University Leavey School of Business Launches Online MBA

A program starting in January offers fully online MBA classes, a "Silicon
Valley Professional" component, and opportunities to network.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.** , July 18, 2017—Starting in January, Santa Clara
University’s Leavey School of Business will offer the first fully online
version of its nationally recognized MBA program. The new offering responds to
the demands of busy working professionals with a program steeped in the
mindset of Silicon Valley, with cutting-edge curricula and unparalleled
networking opportunities in the nation’s birthplace of innovation.

With the online MBA, students will have the flexibility to complete the
70-unit program from home, on their own schedule, while keeping in regular
contact with classmates and the professors and Silicon Valley professionals
teaching in the program.

“A Santa Clara MBA has long been a means for many early to mid-career
professionals to advance their position, take on leadership roles, or ratchet
up their business skills for today’s fast-moving industries,” said Caryn Beck-
Dudley, dean of the Leavey School of Business. “But it’s not always possible
to come to our campus twice a week. We are delighted to be offering a fully
online, robust MBA option for those students, which blends the University’s
mission for social impact with a unique opportunity for a full immersion into
the Silicon Valley mentality.”

“This new MBA program allows us an exciting opportunity to bring the best of
Silicon Valley—its mindset of embracing disruption, visionary leadership, and
world-changing solutions—to students across the entire United States,” said
Nydia MacGregor, faculty director for MBA programs. “This is where students
can really ‘disrupt’ their own careers for the better.”

Similar to the current on-campus program, the online MBA will allow working-
professional students to complete the program in two years if they so choose.

The online MBA also includes a unique skill-building component called the
“Silicon Valley Professional Dashboard” (SVP Dashboard), designed to foster
the ability to adapt and thrive in rapidly changing environments. Each
student’s SVP Dashboard tracks a set of skills, practices, and mindsets vital
for professional success in Silicon Valley. Students can observe their
progress toward “Silicon Valley Professional” status as they accomplish steps
including:

  * Taking courses
  * Attending networking events
  * Making company site visits
  * Listening to guest speakers
  * Engaging in a pitch competition
  * Consulting with mentors.

This unique feature allows students to receive recognition for their progress,
and to plan elective courses according to their own career needs.

“If there’s one thing that characterizes Silicon Valley, it’s that change is
always just around the corner—be it a new product iteration or the complete
upending of an industry,” said Beck-Dudley. “We’ve built this curriculum and
the Silicon Valley Professional Dashboard to give our students maximum
flexibility and preparedness for change.”

Networking for online students will be enhanced by two three-day, on-campus
residencies emphasizing leadership and doing business in Silicon Valley, as
well as other opportunities to network with the on-campus MBA students.

The online program is currently available to U.S. students only. For
additional information, visit <https://onlinemba.scu.edu>.

_Please note: Santa Clara University is in the process of seeking approval for
the Online MBA program from its institutional accrediting body, the WASC
Senior College and University Commission (WSCUC). Santa Clara is able to
accept applications for the program but cannot make admissions decisions or
begin instruction for the program, until it has WSCUC approval.  _

* * *

**About the Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University  
** Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu/business/](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business").

**About Santa Clara University  
** Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located
40 miles south of San Francisco in California’s Silicon Valley, offers its
more than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and
sciences, business, and engineering; master’s degrees in business, education,
counseling psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and
engineering doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest
graduation rates among all U.S. master’s universities, California’s oldest
operating higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of
ethics and social justice. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu](http://www.scu.edu).

**Media Contact**  
Deborah Lohse | SCU Media Communications |
[dlohse@scu.edu](mailto:dlohse@scu.edu) | 408-554-5121





###### Jul 18, 2017

LSB, Top Home, News & Events Home, OMBA,

275849

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

