Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/a-solution-to-food-insecurity-.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. A Solution to Food Insecurity? 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/OceanMist1-760x400-4.jpg)

## A Solution to Food Insecurity?

The Food and Agribusiness Institute at the Leavey School of Business was
awarded a grant from the Bank of America Charitable Foundation to continue its
research into food insecurity and determine ways to combat it.

The Food and Agribusiness Institute (FAI) at the Leavey School of Business was
awarded a grant of $15,000 from the Bank of America Charitable Foundation to
continue its research into food insecurity and determine ways to combat it.
Since 2010, the Institute has received approximately $200,000 from this
foundation, primarily supporting hunger research, the Hunger Index, and the
Hunger Action Summit.* This year, the grant will additionally support a food
waste research project looking to identify the potential to harvest edible
produce that is currently left behind in the field.  
  
“The first step in our food waste project is to identify how much food is left
unharvested,” says FAI director Dr. Greg Baker.  
  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Garroutte-Farms2-225x150.jpg)

To address this, in the summer of 2016, SCU student researchers, coordinated
by professor Mike Harwood, conducted 71 field surveys in the Salinas and San
Joaquin valleys focused on 10 major vegetable and fruit species, with the
cooperation of 33 growers.

Preliminary findings of the study, which was designed to extend over three
years to account for seasonal differences, confirm that it is a worthwhile
area of study. Of the 10 crops surveyed, percentages of edible crop left in
the field came out to be approximately:

  * 70% - Romaine Hearts
  * 30% - Strawberries, Broccoli & Cauliflower
  * 20% - Sweet Corn
  * 15% - Fresh Tomato & Cantaloupe
  * 10% - Bunch Spinach
  * 5-10% - Artichoke & Celery

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/T&A-300x200.jpg)

FAI will resurvey the 8 species where percentages exceeded 10% again in 2017,
while also adding additional species to the list.

According to Harwood, "the researchers were surprised to find that the major
reason for produce rejection with most species was not cosmetic or shape
issues, but considerations including size, fruit maturity, color, and the
stripping off of perfectly edible outer leaves before packing romaine hearts."
(Pictured right).  
  
“Once we quantify the amount of food waste,” said Dr. Baker, “we can start
trying to figure out how to economically harvest and ship that excess to food
banks who would then distribute it to low income people.”  
  
Developing this supply chain is critical. “It doesn’t make economic sense
right now for farmers to use resources to harvest the commercially unwanted
edible produce," indicated Harwood.  
  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Earthbound2-225x150.jpg)

The study found that on-farm waste exceeded 1 ton per acre for cantaloupe,
sweet corn and broccoli and generally exceeded one-half ton for the other
crops surveyed. U.S. per capita annual fresh produce consumption is around 300
lbs. per year. This study indicates that unharvested food from 287,000 fresh
produce acres (mostly hand-harvested) in Monterey county alone could supply 2
million needy people with enough fresh produce to raise their consumption to
the national average.

Finding a solution to this food waste problem would not only make food that
would otherwise be wasted available to food banks and low income populations,
but it would contribute to improving the nutrition in a demographic group that
often lacks the means to eat a balanced diet, says Dr. Baker. As the first
large-scale study of its kind, this research opens the door for others to not
only explore how food waste affects their communities, but to give them a
model to follow.  
  
Through research initiatives, the Food and Agribusiness Institute continues to
address complex problems that face our local communities and work towards
solutions that not only support our most vulnerable neighbors, but ultimately
help populations across the globe.



_*Note: The Hunger Action Summit, held on campus each winter in partnership
with Second Harvest Food Bank, brings together organizations addressing food
insecurity. By partnering with local food banks, Dr. Drew Starbird and the
Food and Agribusiness Institute compile the Hunger Index that examines how
many additional meals are needed to address hunger in Santa Clara and San
Mateo Counties. Over the past 5 years, this Index has provided local food
banks with invaluable data that helps assess the need for food assistance to
those vulnerable to food insecurity._



###### Apr 4, 2017

FAI, News & Events Home, Top Home, LSB,

A comparison of the romaine lettuce heart (left) which is sold to distributors
and the full romaine head (right). The outer leaves of the head are torn off
and left in the field to harvest the hearts.

256105

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

