Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/research/scholarship/published-books-fall-2017.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Scholarship

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Research](/business/management/research/)
  5. Scholarship
  6. Published Books Fall 2017 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/research/pexels-
photo-256559-360x240-3.jpg)

## Published Books Fall 2017

**  “[The Leadership Challenge: How to Make Extraordinary Things Happen in
Organizations (6th
Edition)](https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/351/)”**

By James M. Kouzes and Barry Z. Posner

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/The-Leadership-
Challenge-2017-140x200.png)

The most trusted source of leadership wisdom, updated to address today’s
realities

_The Leadership Challenge_  is the gold-standard manual for effective
leadership, grounded in research and written by the premier authorities in the
field. With deep insight into the complex interpersonal dynamics of the
workplace, this book positions leadership both as a skill to be learned, and
as a relationship that must be nurtured to reach its full potential. This new
sixth edition has been revised to address current challenges, and includes
more international examples and a laser focus on business issues; you'll learn
how extraordinary leaders accomplish extraordinary things, and how to develop
your leadership skills and style to deliver quality results every time.
Engaging stories delve into the fundamental roles that great leaders fulfill,
and simple frameworks provide a primer for those who seek continuous
improvement; by internalizing key insights and putting concepts into action,
you'll become a more effective, more impactful leader.

A good leader gets things done; a  _great_  leader aspires, inspires, and
achieves more. This book highlights the differences between good and great,
and shows you how to bridge the chasm between getting things done and making
things happen.

  * Gain deep insight into leadership's critical role in organizational health
  * Navigate the shift toward team-oriented work relationships
  * Motivate and inspire to break through the pervasive new cynicism
  * Leverage the electronic global village to deliver better results

Business is evolving at an increasingly rapid rate, and leaders must keep pace
with the changes or risk stagnation. People work differently, are motivated
differently, and have different expectations today—business as usual is
quickly losing its effectiveness.  _The Leadership Challenge_  helps you stay
current, relevant, and effective in the modern workplace.





**“[The Student Leadership Challenge: The Five Practices of Exemplary Student
Leadership (3 rd Edition)](https://www.amazon.com/Student-Leadership-
Challenge-Practices-Exemplary/dp/1119421918)”**

by James M. Kouzes and Barry Z. Posner

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/The-Student-Leadership-
Challege-2017-140x198.png)

Based on the same concepts and research that inform the classic leadership
book  _The Leadership Challenge_ , this is a clear and accessible guide to the
Five Practices of Exemplary Leadership, which is foundation of the Student
Leadership Challenge approach. Incorporating stories of leadership development
from real students, and language to which college students and other young and
emerging leaders can relate, the book also features reflective and critical
thinking activities at the end of each chapter to help students engage in each
of the Five Practices.

This new edition includes 2 chapters per Practice, plus chapters explaining
the model and discussing next steps, all of which allow the authors to go
deeper into the model and include more extensive stories, reflection
questions, and activities. Like the previous edition, this edition also
includes an access code so students can take the Student Leadership Practices
Inventory (Student LPI) self online and learn about their current leadership
skills.



[“Stop Selling & Start Leading: How to Make Extraordinary Sales
Happen”](https://www.amazon.com/Stop-Selling-Start-Leading-
Extraordinary/dp/1119446287/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1516997675&sr=1-1&keywords=Stop+Selling+%26+Start+Leading%3A+How+to+Make+Extraordinary+Sales+Happen)

by James M. Kouzes, Barry Z. Posner, and Deb Calvert

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Stop-Selling-&-Start-
Leading-140x198.png)

In the Age of the Customer, sales effectiveness depends mightily on the buyer
experience. Despite nearly-universal agreement on the need for creating value
in every step of the buyer’s journey, sellers continue to struggle with how to
create that value and connect meaningfully with buyers. New research bridges
the gap and reveals the behavioral blueprint for sellers that makes buyers
more likely to meet with them — and more likely to buy from them.

In  _Stop Selling & Start Leading_, you’ll discover that the very same
behaviors that make leaders more effective also work to make sellers more
effective, too. This critical shift in the selling mindset, and in the sales
role itself, is the key to boosting your overall sales effectiveness.

  * Inspire, challenge, and enable buyers
  * Change your behavior to build trust and increase sales
  * Step into your leadership potential 
  * See yourself the way your buyers do
  * Feel good about selling again

When you’re aiming for quota attainment and real connections with buyers, this
book gives you the confidence and skills you need.

[**“Modern Competitive Strategy (4 th
Edition)"**](https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/27/)

Madsen, Tammy L. and Walker, Gordon

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Modern-Competitive-Strategy--
140x172.png)

Modern Competitive Strategy focuses on what makes firms successful over time,
ultimately within industries that are global in scope. It is meant to be
comprehensive yet succinct, discipline-based yet practical, highly general yet
applicable to currently emerging industries - all of this, we hope, without
sacrificing quality of content or style. It is intended to be appropriate for
teaching at all levels―undergraduate, MBA, and EMBA - and to be understandable
to students both with and without business experience. To this end, it serves
as a relatively complete introduction to strategy as an academic and practical
discipline. Furthermore, it is flexible in its fit to course length - module,
quarter, or semester.



**[“Building a Successful Social Venture – A Social Entrepreneur’s
Guide”](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Successful-Social-Venture-
Entrepreneurs/dp/1523095946/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1516997839&sr=1-1&keywords=Building+a+Successful+Social+Venture+%E2%80%93+A+Social+Entrepreneur%E2%80%99s+Guide)
** (forthcoming – September 18, 2018)  
by Eric Carlson and James Koch



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Building-a-Successful-Social-
Venture-140x207.png)

Interest in social enterprises is exploding in business schools. Social
ventures seek to bring the discipline and energy of private enterprise to the
task of solving problems like poverty, lack of clean water, and poor
environmental quality. Although several textbooks exist to introduce the
concept to students, this is the only one to combine current theory with
extensive real-world examples. It draws on the collective intelligence of more
than 200 Silicon Valley entrepreneurs in mentoring more than 700 social
entrepreneurs at the Global Social Benefit Institute, a 14-year old social
enterprise incubator at Santa Clara University's Miller Center. It offers a
complete skill-building framework for both aspiring and practicing social
entrepreneurs.





**Book Chapters**

**“Autonomous Vehicles and Moral Uncertainty”,**

Vikram Bhargava



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Robot-Ethics-140x176.png)

In Patrick Lin, Keith Abney, and Ryan Jenkins )eds.) _Robot Ethics 2.0: The
Ethical and Social Implications of Robotics_. Oxford, UK: Oxford University
Press.

###### Feb 23, 2018

328327

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
    * [Selected Publications Display settings](/business/management/research/selected-publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

