Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/research/scholarship/the-expanding-domain-of-strategic-management-research-and-the-quest-for-integration-1.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Scholarship

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Research](/business/management/research/)
  5. Scholarship
  6. “The Expanding Domain of Strategic Management Research and the Quest for Integration” 

## "The Expanding Domain of Strategic Management Research and the Quest for
Integration"

Tammy Madsen

Strategic Management Journal

**[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/smj.2607/abstract)**

**Date Published:** 26 Oct 2016

**Abstract**

**Research summary** : This special issue of Strategic Management Journal was
motivated by concern that the growing scope and diversity of the strategic
management field creates the risk of incoherence and fragmentation and the
belief that research reviews could contribute to synthesis and integration. In
this introductory essay, we address the expanding domain of strategic
management, consider where its boundaries lie, identify the forces engendering
fragmentation, and discuss how this special issue—and research reviews in
general—can assist convergence within the field of strategy. We conclude by
addressing the potential for integration more broadly in relation to the
theories we deploy, the phenomena we investigate, and cohesiveness of our
scholarly community.

**Managerial summary** : The expanding domain of strategic management reflects
the widening range of strategic issues that practising managers face. However,
the fragmentation that has accompanied this broadening scope impedes the
usefulness of strategic management research in guiding strategic decision
making. We argue that reviews of strategic management research, such as those
included within this special issue, can support the accumulation of an
integrated, empirically-validated knowledge base which is essential to
informing management practice.

###### Oct 26, 2016

LSB Research, MGMT, 2016, Tammy Madsen, Madsen, Publication

328330

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
    * [Selected Publications Display settings](/business/management/research/selected-publications/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

