Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blogs/kimmy-barclay--marijuana-legalization-not-just-a-form-of-new-revenue-but-a-social-justice-tool-as-well.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Community Fellows Blog Posts

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
  6. Community Fellows Blog Posts
  7. Kimmy Barclay: Marijuana Legalization: Not Just a Form of New Revenue, but a Social Justice Tool As Well 

## Kimmy Barclay: Marijuana Legalization: Not Just a Form of New Revenue, but
a Social Justice Tool As Well

Kate talks about her experience conducting research at the Silicon Valley
Council of Nonprofits (SVCN).

When I first started my fellowship at the Silicon Valley Council of Nonprofits
(SVCN), I knew I’d be doing a lot of research on social justice issues and
various policy measures. My first research project was on the aging senior
population in Santa Clara County and the accessibility issues that they face.
I then moved on to a current Supreme Court case, the new tax reform act, and a
few smaller issues which all fell into one of the two categories, as I had
predicted. What I didn’t anticipate, though, was how these two areas would
come together in one research project.

At the beginning of the year, I began doing preliminary research on the local
cannabis policies being developed around California. I started by  learning
about the various tax structures and the state’s regulations in an effort to
see if any of the tax revenues would be directed toward nonprofits or any of
the issues we address. We wanted to have some basic information about the
cannabis issue prepared so the Board could make informed decisions, if the
need arose. The research included what we could find online, in addition to
input from some stakeholders and other organizations looking into cannabis
regulations. One of the people we met with was Victor Gomez, a political
strategy consultant working with the Silicon Valley Cannabis Alliance. Our
biggest take-away from that meeting was the immense revenue potential that
could be collected through taxes and directed toward city services and our
nonprofit members. In short, it was estimated that one acre of recreational
cannabis cultivation could bring in $600,000 of new revenue based on Monterey
County’s tax rates. After this discovery, we were extremely excited to bring
our research to the Board and Leadership teams as we saw this as a huge
opportunity for our members to take advantage of.

After meeting with each of the teams, there was concern about taking the lead
on this issue due to youth and public health concerns, but they were
interested in learning more. With their questions in mind, I continued my
research with a more focused goal. One piece that both of the teams were
interested in learning more about were the various equity programs being
implemented, particularly in Oakland and San Francisco. These programs aim to
build a diverse and inclusive cannabis industry, as well as, undo significant
social hurdles as a result of disproportionate arrest and incarceration rates
for people of color. They do so by establishing certain equity requirements
for some of their permit applicants and requiring the rest of the permit
applicants to provide assistance to the equity individuals. In Oakland, for
example, their equity program has resulted in 8 new dispensaries having a
workforce of 90% Oakland residents. Adding this equity lens meant that this
was no longer just policy research, but also, a social justice issue.

Over the last two months, I have collected a plethora of information regarding
cannabis policies and equity programs in the Bay Area and California. I’ve
even been named the “Cannabis Czar” of the office due to my extensive
knowledge. On Wednesday, April 18, I presented what I’ve learned to the SVCN
Board of Directors. A goal of mine, as a fellow, was to be able to directly
teach our members more about important policy research and this presentation
allowed me to do just that. I never would’ve thought when I first started my
cannabis research that it would blend these two pieces of SVCN, but I’m glad
that it did. My research is always changing, though, as cities and counties
attempt to form regulations that work best for their constituents, which keeps
me on my toes. I feel proud that SVCN has trusted me to take the lead on such
a prevalent issue and I’m looking forward to seeing how things continue to
develop!



###### Apr 16, 2018

NPI, NPI Fellows

359812

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
      * [Community Partners](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/partners/)
      * [LSB Community Fellows Profiles](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/fellows/)
      * [Blog](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blog/)
      * [Apply](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/apply/)
      * [Program Leaders](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/program-leaders/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

