Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/evening-mba/faculty/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Faculty

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Evening MBA](/business/evening-mba/)
  4. Faculty 

### Accounting Faculty

[![Accounting Professor Michael Calegari Head
Shot](/media/public/people/2011-09-21-preference-calegari-200x200.jpg)Image
link to full profile](/business/accounting/faculty/calegari/)

Director, Center for Accounting Research and Education Associate Professor,
Accounting

[Michael Calegari](/business/accounting/faculty/calegari/)

[![Accounting Professor Lucky Eames Head
Shot](/media/public/people/eames_6112-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/eames/)

Associate Professor, Accounting

[Michael "Lucky" Eames](/business/accounting/faculty/eames/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/Yongtae-Photo-\(for-intro-
article\)-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/kim/)

Robert and Barbara McCullough Professor of Accounting

[Yongtae Kim](/business/accounting/faculty/kim/)

[![Accounting Professor Haidan Li Head Shot](/media/public/people/li-
haidan_7640-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/li-haidan/)

Department Chair  
Associate Professor, Accounting

[Haidan Li](/business/accounting/faculty/li-haidan/)

[![Accounting Professor of Practice, Brian Nelson Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/accounting/Brian-Nelson-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/nelson/)

Professor of Practice, Accounting

[Brian Nelson](/business/accounting/faculty/nelson/)

[![Accounting Professor Chris Paisley Head
Shot](/media/public/people/Paisley_0027-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/paisley/)

Dean's Executive Professor of Accounting, Accounting

[Chris Paisley](/business/accounting/faculty/paisley/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-news/Frank-Teruel-new-
headshot-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/accounting/faculty/teruel/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Accounting

[Frank Teruel](/business/accounting/faculty/teruel/)

### Economics Faculty

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/cameron-lyod/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Patricia Cameron-Loyd](/business/economics/faculty/cameron-lyod/)

microeconomics

[![Associate Professor of Economics Linda Kamas Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kamas-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/kamas/)

Associate Professor, Economics

[Linda Kamas](/business/economics/faculty/kamas/)

behavioral, experimental, gender, macroeconomics

[![Dongsoo Shin, Economics faculty](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Picture-SHIN-360x353.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/shin/)

Department Chair,  
Associate Professor, Economics

[Dongsoo Shin](/business/economics/faculty/shin/)

agency theory, industrial organization, game theory

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Sundstrom-200x200.JPG)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/sundstrom/)

Professor, Economics

[William A. Sundstrom](/business/economics/faculty/sundstrom/)

economic history, labor, development

### Finance Faculty

[![Finance Professor Ye Cai Head
Shot](/media/public/people/cai_3273-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/cai/)

Associate Professor, Finance  
Faculty Director, MS in Finance, Finance

[Ye Cai](/business/finance/faculty/cai/)

[![Finance Professor George Chacko Head
Shot](/media/public/people/GCC416x583-200x200.JPG)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/chacko/)

Associate Professor, Finance

[George Chacko](/business/finance/faculty/chacko/)

[![Finance Professor Sanjiv Das Head
Shot](/media/public/people/Das_IMG_4607-4-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/das/)

William and Janice Terry Professor of Finance and Business Analytics

[Sanjiv Das](/business/finance/faculty/das/)

[![Finance Professor Robert Hendershott Head
Shot](/media/public/people/Hendershott-IMG_6592-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/finance/faculty/hendershott/)

Associate Professor, Finance

[Robert Hendershott](/business/finance/faculty/hendershott/)

[![Finance Professor Hoje Jo Head Shot](/media/public/people/Jo-pref-
IMG_9392-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/jo/)

Gerald and Bonita Wilkinson Professor of Finance

[Hoje Jo](/business/finance/faculty/jo/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/finance-/Kim_Seoyoung-2017-DONJ4453-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/finance/faculty/kim/)

Associate Professor of Finance and Business Analytics, Finance

[Seoyoung Kim](/business/finance/faculty/kim/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/ori/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Finance

[Joseph Ori](/business/finance/faculty/ori/)

[![Finance Professor Carrie Pan Head Shot](/media/public/people/Carrie-
Pan-200x199.jpg)Image link to full profile](/business/finance/faculty/pan/)

Department Chair  
Associate Professor, Finance

[Carrie Pan](/business/finance/faculty/pan/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/2018-PREFERRED-
AtulyaSarin-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/sarin/)

Professor, Finance

[Atulya Sarin](/business/finance/faculty/sarin/)

[![Finance Professor Hersh Shefrin Head Shot](/media/public/people/Shefrin-
IMG_9614-3-200x199.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/shefrin/)

Mario L. Belotti Professor of Finance

[Hersh Shefrin](/business/finance/faculty/shefrin/)

[![Finance Professor Meir Statman Head Shot](/media/public/people/Statman---
2013-Preference-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/finance/faculty/statman/)

Glenn Klimek Professor of Finance

[Meir Statman](/business/finance/faculty/statman/)

### Information Systems and Analytics Faculty

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Agrawal_Naren-2017-DONJ4518-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/agrawal/)

Benjamin and Mae Swig Professor of Information Systems and Analytics

[Naren Agrawal](/business/isa/faculty/agrawal/)

[![Assistant Professor of OMIS Ram Bala Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Bala-IMG_5095-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/bala/)

Associate Professor, Business Analytics

[Ram Bala](/business/isa/faculty/bala/)

[![Associate Professor of OMIS George Cai Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Cai---IMG_9452-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/cai/)

Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[George (Gangshu) Cai](/business/isa/faculty/cai/)

[![Assistant Professor of OMIS Yasin Ceran Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Ceran_02-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/ceran/)

Assistant Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Yasin Ceran](/business/isa/faculty/ceran/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/NecatiErtekin1200px-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/ertekin/)

Assistant Professor, Information Systems and Business Analytics

[Necati Ertekin](/business/isa/faculty/ertekin/)

[![Fatemi, Homi_Picture_06/06/2018](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Fatemi,-Homi-06-06-2018-144x144.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/fatemi/)

Professor of Practice, Information Systems & Analytics  
Interim Program Director for MSIS  

[Homi Fatemi](/business/isa/faculty/fatemi/)

[![Professor of OMIS Manoochehr Ghiassi Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Ghiassi-002-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/ghiassi/)

Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Manoochehr Ghiassi](/business/isa/faculty/ghiassi/)

[![Assistant Professor of OMIS Tao Li Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Li---IMG_9685-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/li/)

Associate Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Tao Li](/business/isa/faculty/li/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/isa/Lu-AHP-8269-200x200.jpg)Image link
to full profile](/business/isa/faculty/lu/)

Department Chair, Associate Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Haibing Lu](/business/isa/faculty/lu/)

[![Professor of OMIS Steve Smith Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Smith-160x160.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/smith/)

Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Stephen A. Smith](/business/isa/faculty/smith/)

[![Andy Tsay thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/isa/Tsay---
AHP_8356-3-200x200-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/tsay/)

Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[Andy Tsay](/business/isa/faculty/tsay/)

[![Lecturer of OMIS Graeme Warren Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/isa/Warren-AHP_7319-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/warren/)

Lecturer, Information Systems & Analytics

[Graeme Warren](/business/isa/faculty/warren/)

[![Assistant Professor of OMIS David Zimbra Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-
of-business/isa/Zimbra-IMG_0276-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/isa/faculty/zimbra/)

Associate Professor, Information Systems & Analytics

[David Zimbra](/business/isa/faculty/zimbra/)

### Management & Entrepreneurship Faculty

[![Professor of Management and Director of FAI Greg Baker Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Baker---
IMG_6717-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/baker/)

Naumes Family Professor of Management;  
Executive Director, CFIE

[Greg Baker](/business/management/faculty/baker/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/aa-pref--
AHP_7305-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/brock/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Phyllis Brock](/business/management/faculty/brock/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/flatt/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Management

[Sylvia Flatt](/business/management/faculty/flatt/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/aa-pref---
Gordon-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/gordon/)

Lecturer, Management

[Francine Gordon](/business/management/faculty/gordon/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/GriffithSmallTower-360x328.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/griffith/)

Professor, Management

[Terri Griffith](/business/management/faculty/griffith/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/JL160919_4128_0028_FionaJi-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/ji/)

Lecturer, Management

[Fiona Ji](/business/management/faculty/ji/)

[![Assistant Professor of Management Nydia MacGregor Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/MacGregor---fall-2008-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/management/faculty/macgregor/)

Lecturer, Management  
Faculty Director, MBA Programs & Alumni Engagement

[Nydia MacGregor](/business/management/faculty/macgregor/)

[![Associate Professor of Management Tammy Madsen Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Madsen-3782web-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/madsen/)

Professor, Management

[Tammy Madsen](/business/management/faculty/madsen/)

[![Professor of Practice in Management Darrell Mank Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Mank---AHP_7356-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/mank/)

Lecturer, Management

[Darrel A. Mank](/business/management/faculty/mank/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/kelly_pattersonDONJ5530-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/patterson/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Kelly Patterson](/business/management/faculty/patterson/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Piderit_Sandy-2017-DONJ4447-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/management/faculty/piderit/)

Lecturer, Management

[Sandy Piderit](/business/management/faculty/piderit/)

[![Accolti Professor of Leadership Barry Posner Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Posner-197-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/posner/)

Accolti Professor of Leadership

[Barry Z. Posner](/business/management/faculty/posner/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/powers/)

Professor of Practice, Management

[Elizabeth Powers](/business/management/faculty/powers/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/JL160919_4121_0015_Jo-
EllenPozner-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/pozner/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Jo-Ellen Pozner](/business/management/faculty/pozner/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Michael_SantoroDONJ4462-for-
web-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/santoro/)

Professor, Management

[Michael Santoro](/business/management/faculty/santoro/)

[![Charles J. Dirksen Professor of Management Manuel Velasquez Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Velasquez---
IMG_7345-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/velasquez/)

Department Chair,  
Charles J. Dirksen Professor, Management  

[Manuel Velasquez](/business/management/faculty/velasquez/)

[![Associate Professor of Management Jennifer Woolley Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Woolley---
MG_0154-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/woolley/)

Associate Professor, Management

[Jennifer L. Woolley](/business/management/faculty/woolley/)

### Marketing Faculty

[![William T. Cleary Professor of Marketing Al Bruno Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/marketing/Bruno---AHP_8262-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/bruno/)

William T. Cleary Professor of Marketing

[Albert Bruno](/business/marketing/faculty/bruno/)

[![Professor of Practice in Marketing Charles Byers Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/marketing/Byers---IMG_9581-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/byers/)

Professor of Practice, Marketing

[Charles Byers](/business/marketing/faculty/byers/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/aa-pref---
AH4_1020111-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/dong/)

Associate Professor, Marketing & Business Analytics

[Xiaojing Dong](/business/marketing/faculty/dong/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/firenzi/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Marketing

[Gina Firenzi](/business/marketing/faculty/firenzi/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/marketing/Frontczak_Dierdre-2017-DONJ4507-web-200x200.jpg)Image link
to full profile](/business/marketing/faculty/frontczak/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Marketing

[Dierdre Frontczak](/business/marketing/faculty/frontczak/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/Lan-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/marketing/faculty/jiang/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Marketing

[Lan Jiang](/business/marketing/faculty/jiang/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/head-
shots/IMG_1586-\(1\)-2-200x199.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/kalyanam/)

L.J. Skaggs Distinguished Professor  
Director, Retail Management Institute

[Kirthi Kalyanam](/business/marketing/faculty/kalyanam/)

[![Assistant Professor of Marketing Desmond Lo Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/marketing/Lo-IMG_9488-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/lo/)

Department Chair,  
Associate Professor, Marketing

[Desmond (Ho-Fu) Lo](/business/marketing/faculty/lo/)

[![Professor of Practice in Marketing Juan Montermoso Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/Montermoso--
AHP_7430-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/montermoso/)

Professor of Practice, Marketing

[Juan P. Montermoso](/business/marketing/faculty/montermoso/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/marketing/OKeefe_Sean-2017-DONJ4533-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/marketing/faculty/okeefe/)

Course Coordinator  
Lecturer, Marketing

[Sean O'Keefe](/business/marketing/faculty/okeefe/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marketing/Sarangee---
AHP_8332-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/sarangee/)

Associate Professor, Marketing  
Faculty Director, Executive MBA

[Kumar R. Sarangee](/business/marketing/faculty/sarangee/)

[![Assistant Professor of Marketing Savannah Wei Shi Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/marketing/Shi---IMG_9539-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/shi/)

J.C. Penney Research Professor  
Associate Professor, Marketing

[Savannah Wei Shi](/business/marketing/faculty/shi/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/marketing/Michael_ThomasDONJ4382-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/thomas/)

Assistant Professor, Marketing

[Michael Thomas](/business/marketing/faculty/thomas/)

[![LSB Advisory Board Member Mark Weiner Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/head-shots/Weiner-200x200-1.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/marketing/faculty/weiner/)

Professor of Practice, Marketing  
LSB Advisory Board

[Mark Weiner](/business/marketing/faculty/weiner/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/marketing/JL160919_4127_0024_YuchiZhang1500px-200x200.jpg)Image link
to full profile](/business/marketing/faculty/zhang/)

Assistant Professor, Marketing

[Yuchi Zhang](/business/marketing/faculty/zhang/)

[Evening MBA Sections __](/business/evening-mba/)[Evening
MBA](/business/evening-mba/)

  * [Evening MBA](/business/evening-mba/)
  * [Prospective Students FAQ](/business/evening-mba/prospective-students/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/evening-mba/curriculum/)
  * Faculty
  * [Advisory Board](/business/evening-mba/advisory-board/)
  * [Alumni](/business/evening-mba/alumni/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/evening-mba/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [JEBNET Spring 2019](/business/evening-mba/jebnet/)
  * [MBA Home](/business/mba-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

