Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blogs/leo-magana--accuracy-and-representation-in-the-community.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Community Fellows Blog Posts

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
  6. Community Fellows Blog Posts
  7. Leo Magana: Accuracy and Representation in the Community 

## Leo Magana: Accuracy and Representation in the Community

Leo reflects on his work with the San Jose's BeatifySJ program.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/npi-and-lsb-community-
fellows/Neighborhood-Clean-Up-360x360.jpg)

This quarter, my focus has been shifted from policy research to helping with
the redesign of San Jose’s BeautifySJ website. This website is dedicated to
educating citizens on a city beautification initiative and updating it will
make information regarding the initiative clearer. The current website is
graphically appealing but does not quickly inform users on the most important
aspect of the initiative which is how to get involved. Although this project
is more technical than I’m used to, it has taught me the fundamentals of how
to inspire a collective goal and get people to take action.

The aim of inspiring a collective goal and getting people to take action is
difficult to do in any setting and is especially true for a city as diverse as
San Jose. I’ve now been exposed to some of the planning that goes on in order
to address as many people and as many issues as possible. With such diversity,
there is always the possibility of confusion or misinterpretation which I have
also come to learn is incredibly important to avoid. For this reason, people
are appointed to focus on different issues in order to collect information
about all parts of San Jose. If their research is not accurate then they may
incorrectly represent a portion of the population. This kind of mistake needs
to be avoided because it could do significant damage to the community. Every
meeting is unique; I frequently learn about new issues. Although I am not
working on researching at the moment, the research skills I have developed
will help me better inform myself for future use in the workplace or just to
become a more-informed citizen.

Last quarter, I discussed my decision for joining this program which was to
figure out if I would ever like to work fulltime for a government agency or a
nonprofit. I am still not sure if it that is the route I want to dedicate
myself to for my early career. However, my experience has made me reflect on
my own life to appreciate the opportunities that I have received. I grew up in
an underserved community but, due to luck, met a lot of people that helped me
get to the point where I was able to attend a private university. Many of my
peers, growing up under the same conditions, were not as lucky. They were
never given the opportunity to make the decisions I made and were not to
blame. For this reason, I want to dedicate my time to helping those with
similar upbringings to give them the same opportunities I have had. I believe
the best way to make a large impact is through the government or through
nonprofit agencies which I think I will one day return to, or volunteer for,
during my extra time.



###### Mar 2, 2018

NPI, NPI Fellows

339840

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
      * [Community Partners](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/partners/)
      * [LSB Community Fellows Profiles](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/fellows/)
      * [Blog](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blog/)
      * [Apply](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/apply/)
      * [Program Leaders](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/program-leaders/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

