Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blogs/patrick-mcqueen--looking-to-the-future.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Community Fellows Blog Posts

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
  6. Community Fellows Blog Posts
  7. Patrick McQueen: Looking to the Future 

## Patrick McQueen: Looking to the Future

Patrick talks about his highlights working at Cristo Rey.

This quarter at Cristo Rey, I have continued to work in the counseling office
where I finalize summer placements for students who were accepted into a
number of different programs across the country.  Most notably, we were able
to complete the fundraising process for the Wishbone program. Wishbone is a
platform where students are able to complete an online workshop that matches
them up with three programs, where they then apply, contribute $99 out of
pocket, and are put up on the Wishbone website where their programs are fully
funded.  This quarter, a major part of my work was drafting grant requests and
invitations to the Cristo Rey Enrichment Fund, that was able to contribute
over $7000 to the Wishbone program. This year, we were able to send 14
students to fully funded programs throughout the Bay Areaー a huge leap from
last year’s two students that participated in the Wishbone program.
Furthermore, one highlight of this process was the ability to meet with two
high-level Wishbone representatives who we worked with along the way. At this
meeting, we gained a great deal of insight about the program and their plans
for future expansion. We were also able to give them feedback on the structure
of the program from our point of view along with suggestions on how to improve
for next year.  Overall, it was fantastic to be able to work with such
dedicated people and to see the entire process successfully unfold, thus
allowing 14 students to enjoy an entirely new and enriching summer experience.

Aside from the students who participated in Wishbone, there were a significant
number of other students who were accepted to other summer enrichment programs
across the country.  Among many, one of the top programs students were
accepted to was the Georgetown summer program, where Cristo Rey will be
sending 4 students this upcoming summer. For both me and Mr. Hicks, my
supervisor, sending four students to a program at Georgetown is a major
highlight for the year, and excites us both about how these students will now
be able to describe their experiences when the time comes to apply to colleges
the following year.  Lastly, one of my highlights from my year at Cristo Rey
was the opportunity to sit down and meet with the school chancellor, Father
Pabst, who gave me a great deal of advice on my life after college. He
described his early years after graduation and we discussed what he thought my
next few years would be like in the Bay Area. Furthermore, he was able to
connect me with a good friend of his at a company I had interest in working
for, and was able to set up a meeting for us.  In this way I am very thankful
for being able to meet Father Pabst and am excited to see where this
connection may take me. Overall, he was very helpful and good to get to know,
which I believe speaks to the mission and goals of Cristo Rey as a whole.



###### Jun 6, 2018

NPI, NPI Fellows

365370

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
      * [Community Partners](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/partners/)
      * [LSB Community Fellows Profiles](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/fellows/)
      * [Blog](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blog/)
      * [Apply](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/apply/)
      * [Program Leaders](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/program-leaders/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

