Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/spree-buy-and-sell-within-scu.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Spree: Buy and Sell Within SCU 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/Spree-founders-760x400.jpg)

## Spree: Buy and Sell Within SCU

New app by undergraduate business students Marco Ciccone and Riley Parsons
makes buying and selling used goods a breeze for the SCU community.

It is far too often that we end up with an excessive amount of things in our
lives, leaving us with overfilled closets and garages of what could be useful
things to someone else. Getting rid of those things and preventing them from
being wasted is a different story. Luckily for the SCU community, a new app
developed by some of our very own is working to relieve us of these things we
want to get rid of or guide us directly to the things we really want.

Spree is a free application (available for iPhone users), developed by seniors
Marco Ciccone, a finance major and entrepreneurship minor, and Riley Parsons,
a bioengineering major and entrepreneurship minor, that allows anyone with an
@scu.edu e-mail address to engage in the buying, selling, and trading of goods
and services.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/spree-logo-150x161.jpg)

“The idea for Spree was created when I experienced the inconvenience of not
being able to sell my textbooks directly to other SCU students without having
to go through the bookstore,” explains Ciccone. “Spree was created as a
platform to connect students so that they could conveniently and securely
exchange items with one another. I realized I had a genuine need for a
platform like that, so I set out to create a company around the idea.”

Users are only permitted to use the application after verifying their e-mail
address, so you can undoubtedly trust that this is a strict Bronco-to-Bronco
exchange! With the microcosmic approach that Spree has, students, faculty, and
staff need not travel far to buy or sell used goods, cutting down on wasted
transportation costs and energy used when searching for similar items on
websites like Craigslist.

To promote what Ciccone and Parsons call “hyper-local commerce,” they
developed Spree for mobile users with a few keen observations: People’s phones
have GPS trackers, so finding one another in a small area is easy. Using the
SCU community as a binding agent creates a network of thousands of people who
are automatically connected via e-mail. And SCU community members will begin
to rely on each other more internally to exchange goods and services instead
of looking to outside sources that may undercut them or may be unreliable.
Ultimately, these strategies will strengthen the SCU community. For Ciccone
and Parsons, SCU only marks the beginning. The two hope to expand Spree’s
secure network idea to inter-university and intracompany commercial exchange.
Anywhere that there is an existing community with a way to verify identities,
Spree can accommodate. Be on the lookout for Spree to pop up in other
institutions.

For a university that already strives to promote sustainability, be it in
efficient transportation, supporting local economies, conscious consumerism,
and reducing, reusing, recycling, and respecting our stuff, Spree is an all-
in-one promoter of the values that we abide by at SCU. Products’ life cycles
can dramatically be extended and put to good use by people in your own
community, allowing for you and anyone else who may buy your used goods to get
the best value for whatever you originally bought.

Listings appear similarly to Facebook’s scrolling Newsfeed with a picture,
short description, and price for the good or service. Users can click on posts
and begin internal messaging within the app with the seller and coordinate
logistics and negotiate prices. There are currently 400+ users on Spree, so do
your part to support your fellow Broncos and download the Spree - Student
Marketplace app, which won the [2015 CIE Business Plan Pitch Competition Grand
Prize](/business/cie/cie-business-pitch-competition/)! Not only will you rid
yourself of unused things that you’ve accumulated over time, you will be
promoting and embodying what it means to be sustainable. Keep those goods out
of landfills and creating a safe, hyper-local place of commerce. It’s a win-
win-win situation, so what are you waiting for?

_This piece has been slightly edited from its original form. It was originally
written and published by Alec Kwo ’16, Intern for Student Engagement at SCU’s
Center for Sustainability._

###### Jan 13, 2016

LSB, News & Events Home, CIE, Top Home,

142343

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

