Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/internship-opportunities/#d.en.76930

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Internship Opportunities

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  5. Internship Opportunities 

Internship Opportunities

In addition to the regular coursework, the Center offers several internship
opportunities designed to integrate concepts learned on campus with issues and
problems facing the food industry. The Center's Mentor Program links students
with food industry executives working in the student's area of interest.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Air-
Ballons-360x200-360x200.png)

Field Trips expose students to the rich diversity of the food industry through
domestic and international site visits. In addition to these programs, the
Center sponsors an annual conference, guest lectures, and student-faculty
research projects. The University maintains an office of Career Services that
is available to all students and alumni, including the Center's MBA's.

* * *

##### Internship Opportunities

__

The internship program benefits the Center's MBA students in a variety of
ways. For students who enter directly from an undergraduate program, an
internship provides valuable work experience and an introduction to potential
employers. Many students have been able to turn their internships into
promising career opportunities. Some students use the internship as a way of
specializing in an area such as marketing, operations management, and finance.
Internships also provide a chance for students to apply their classroom
education in a professional work environment, reinforcing the importance of
the methods taught in class. Most importantly, an internship helps the student
start the process of developing important industry contacts for the future.
The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship works with each student to
identify the internship that meets the student's career objectives. By working
with SCU's Career Services and the Center's extensive network of industry
contacts, specific companies and even specific executives can be identified as
potential employers. The California Beef Council, Harris Moran Seed Company,
Ingomar Packing, and the USDA's Foreign Agriculture Service are among the many
companies and institutions that have sponsored the Center for Food Innovation
and Entrepreneurship internships.

##### Mentor Program

__

The Center's mentor program is a partnership between the CFIE faculty, Board
of Advisers, and alumni. The program pairs the Center's MBA students with food
industry executives who agree to act as mentors. The mentor program is an
outstanding opportunity for students to learn from some of the most talented
food and agribusiness executives in the world. Mentors counsel students on
career and academic choices, offer an internship to the student or provide
assistance in finding one, and often assist the student in their search for
employment. Mentors frequently participate in the actives sponsored by the
Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship and often invite students to
visit their companies, tour their facilities, and attend meetings. The
innovative mentor program has received high praise from both student
participants and industry executives. This unique partnership between industry
and the University is unparalleled in MBA programs at other universities.
Executives from Ingomar Packing Company, Dole Packaged Foods, SunWest Foods,
and Wells Fargo Bank are among the many individuals who are generously serving
as mentors to the Center's MBA students.

##### Industry Treks

__

Twice each year, the Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship hosts
industry treks to visit firms and executives competing in the food industry.
Locations and companies are chosen to expose students to a wide range of food
industry activities. The itinerary is often focused on a theme, such as the
fresh-vegetable industry or consumer marketing of food products. The typical
site visit begins with a brief introduction to the business by a senior
executive, followed by a tour of the facilities. After completing the tour,
the group meets with an executive of the firm who makes a presentation
concerning his or her area of expertise and answers questions. Participation
in the Center's trips helps students learn firsthand about the many diverse
and specialized functions performed by modern food and agricultural
businesses. Robert Mondavi Winery in the Napa Valley, Lamb-Weston in central
Washington state, Sun-Diamond Growers in central California and the Vessey
Company of Mexicali, Mexico, are among the many firms that have hosted a visit
from the Center's students.

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
    * [Undergraduate Pathway](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/undergraduate-pathway/)
    * [MBA Students](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/mba-students/)
    * Internship Opportunities
    * [Industry Education](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/industry-education/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

