Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/mba-degrees/faqs/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Frequently Asked Questions

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/)
  4. Frequently Asked Questions 

Let us answer your questions.

Here are a few of the most asked questions about our MBA programs, and you may
find the information you're looking for here.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/MBA-FAQ-360x173.jpg)

If we haven't answered your question, please call us (408-554-4539) or send us
a quick email at [gradbusiness@scu.edu](mailto:gradbusiness@scu.edu).

* * *

##### What are the application deadlines for MBA Programs?

__

For Evening MBA, the application deadlines comes in two quarters, Fall and
Spring:

  * **Fall Quarter**  

    * **April 1**  \- Scholarship Consideration
    * **June 1**  \- Final Deadline

  * **Spring Quarter**
    * **January 20 -  **Final Deadline

Executive MBA

  * **Fall Quarter**  

    * **April 1**  \- Scholarship Consideration
    * **June 1**  \- Final Deadline

##### Are there any prerequisites prior to entering the MBA programs at SCU?

__

Our programs are rigorous; therefore some programs require prerequisites to
ensure your success.

  * Evening MBA
    * An undergraduate degree from a regionally accredited U.S. institution or an equivalent four-year baccalaureate degree approved by your home country's Ministry of Education.
    * Must satisfy any pre-program competencies for your degree program (none for the MBA program)
    * Must have three or more years of work experience
  * Executive MBA  

    * None

  

##### Do you offer GMAT, GRE or TOEFL test waivers?

__

The GMAT or GRE is a required component for our graduate business
applications. However, waivers are available for qualified applicants. The
GMAT/GRE must be taken prior to the deadline for which you are applying and we
do not allow for conditional acceptance while applicants prepare for the exam.

Official Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) / International English
Language Testing System (IELTS) test score is required, if your first language
is not English.

Executive MBA candidates are encouraged to take the Executive Assessment. The
Executive Assessment is specifically designed to evaluate the business school
readiness of seasoned professionals.  The assessment focuses on skills that
are critical both at work and in an EMBA program: higher order reasoning,
critical thinking, analysis, and problem-solving. Because it was designed
specifically for experienced professionals, it requires modest preparation,
takes only 90 minutes to complete, and includes flexible rescheduling options.
The test is administered by the Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC),
creators of the GMAT® exam. Learn more about the Executive Assessment by
visiting [gmac.com/ea](http://www.gmac.com/executive-assessment). GMAT and GRE
scores are also accepted.

##### Which do you prefer, GMAT or GRE?

__

While the  [GMAT  (Graduate Management Admissions Test)](http://www.mba.com/)
has been the standard exam used for business schools, the  [GRE (Graduate
Record Exam)](http://www.ets.org/gre) is also accepted. We do not prefer one
exam over the other.

##### Are there minimum test scores for the GMAT, GRE, or TOEFL? And how long
are test score valid?

__

We do not have minimum test scores and your application evaluation is based a
comprehensive review. The average GMAT and GRE scores for Evening MBA program
are 626 and 308 respectively. The average TOEFL score is 101.  
  
Scores from either test are valid for five (5) years. Applicants are welcome
to take either exam more than once; we will only consider the highest score.

##### What school code should I use to send my official test scores?

__

  * GMAT School Code: BV3-WB51
  * GRE School Code: 4851
  * TOEFL School Code: 4851



##### Do you require work experience?

__

We prefer applicants have at least three years of work experience, however
applications are evaluated holistically. Applicants with less than three years
of work experience would be advised to present strong academics and test
scores. All interested students with a Bachelor's Degree are eligible to
apply.

##### May I submit my application if I have not yet taken the GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL?

__

Yes, you may submit, but you will not receive a decision until a score is
reported. Self-reported GMAT, GRE, and/or TOEFL scores can be submitted with
the application, but a verified score will be needed prior to admitted
students joining the program. We recommend that applicants take the test at
least 4 weeksbefore the posted deadline. Delays in taking and/or reporting the
test scores will postpone the completion of your application, and ultimately a
decision. All scores verified.

##### What types of financial aid are available, and who is eligible to apply?

__

All MBA students are eligible for merit-based scholarship. Applicants that
submit their completed application by April 1st deadline will automatically be
considered. Highly qualified applicants who submit after April 1st will be
considered if there is scholarship still available. You cannot apply for these
scholarships.

The Executive MBA is open to U.S. citizens and permanent residents, and H1 /
H4 visa holders only. Students requiring an F1 visa to study in the U.S. are
not eligible to apply, due to the mandatory international travel component.

In addition, the university offers federal and private loans. Domestic
students (US citizens and permanent residents) are eligible both federal and
private loans, while international students are eligible only eligible for
private loans with or without a creditworthy US cosigner.

##### Do I need to mail official transcripts from each college or university
attended?

__

For the application process, **  NO.** If you are admitted, we will
**require**  that you mail to our office official transcripts. Note that any
discrepancy between the uploaded transcript and the official transcript could
result in the denial of your application or withdrawal of your offer of
admission.  

However, you are required to submit a scanned transcript file for each school
you attended – and the additional WES evaluation (if you’ve attended an
international school). These will be uploaded to complete your application
(only file types accepted are: pdf, doc, or .docx). You will be instructed in
the online application when each document needs to be uploaded.



##### Do I need to have my foreign transcript evaluated? What if it’s already
in English?

__

Yes. Applicants with degrees from international institutions are required to
have their official transcripts evaluated by [WES.org](https://www.wes.org/).
This is required for all international degrees, even if the transcript is
printed in English.  We require course-by-course, cumulative GPA, and U.S.
degree equivalency ICAPS evaluation  (electronic delivery).  No exceptions are
made.   _This process can take months depending on how easily you can access
official transcripts from your institution.  _ For international students,
this should be initiated as early as possible.

##### When can I expect a decision on my completed application?

__

For Winter and Spring - Applications will be reviewed upon completion and
decisions rendered electronically within 2 weeks.

For Fall applications submitted by the April 1st deadline will have decisions
rendered electronically by the end of day, Friday, April 22, 2018 (PST).
Applications completed by January 20th and June 1st deadline will be reviewed
as completed and decisions rendered electronically within 2 weeks of completed
submission.  

Interviews may be required for applicants.

[MBA Degrees Sections __](/business/mba-degrees/)[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-
degrees/)

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/)
  * [Evening MBA](/business/evening-mba/)
  * [Executive MBA](/business/executive-mba/)
  * [Online MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu)
  * [MBA Comparison](/business/mba-degrees/mba-comparison/)
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/)
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * [Contact Us](/business/mba-degrees/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

