Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/evening-mba/alumni/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Alumni

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Evening MBA](/business/evening-mba/)
  4. Alumni 

### Meet some of our Evening MBA alumni!

Now numbering more than 25,000 living alumni, Leavey School of Business
graduates are part of the larger University alumni body, which include such
distinguished leaders as California governor **Jerry Brown** '59,  Google's
senior vice president and chief legal officer **David Drummond** '85, and
**Rebecca Jacoby** MBA '95, chief information officer at Cisco.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Nilofer.jpg)

#### Nilofer Merchant - Evening MBA '00

Nilofer Merchant started her SCU Evening MBA as a mid-level manager. By
graduation, she was an executive at a Fortune 500 company, before starting and
serving as the CEO, Rubicon. She is a prolific international speaker on
leadership and has appeared with people like Malcolm Gladwell and Arianna
Huffington. She has more than 50,000 Twitter followers; is a Harvard Business
Review columnist and has published the  _Rules of the #Social Era_  in 2012.
As CEO of Rubicon, she has advised several reputed Silicon Valley companies
like Adobe, Symantec, Nokia, HP, Genesys and Logitech on strategy. “People
send me all sorts of problems,” she said. “It’s a fascinating dialogue. I’m
getting a chance to think more deeply about problems with organizations. We’re
still operating under 20th century models in a 21st century world. As SCU
professor André Delbecq taught me, each of us needs breathing space to be
innovative.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Neeraj.jpg)

#### Neeraj Mathur - Evening MBA '10

Neeraj Mathur, a “double Bronco,” earned his MSIS (’08) and his MBA (’10) from
SCU. Now he leads Product Management and User Experience at Bluebox and
appreciates SCU’s impact on his life. Given his dual background, he founded
the IS Connexion – a graduate student network that bridges the gap between
technologists and business folks. “There is an urge to give back that comes
from being a part of Santa Clara.” This sense of belonging, personal
connections, and knowledge gained from SCU allowed him to meet his career
goals and get the Dean’s Leadership Award. “Both the MSIS and the MBA programs
allowed me to hone my leadership skills, which I believe I need now more than
ever. We were also exposed to a different way of looking at problems and
coming up with innovative ways to solve those problems. Santa Clara provided
the tools to make sure we don’t make the same mistakes as others.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Amy.jpg)

#### Amy Yao - Evening MBA '11

Prior to joining the SCU MBA program, Amy Yao was working as a global
logistics project manager. After graduation, she’s a data science supply chain
strategist for Seagate Technology and was also recently a speaker for the
Gartner Supply Chain Forum. “Silicon Valley is teeming with companies that are
competing in the high tech industry, which has characteristically fast product
life cycle and thrives on innovation. Supply chain management is a great
skillset to have to be an operational caretaker as well as a growth partner,”
Amy thinks SCU, with its challenging courses and inspiring faculty, is
perfectly positioned to create an emerging generation of supply chain
managers, offering the only graduate degree in the discipline in northern
California.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/M-Enos.jpg)

#### Michael Enos - Evening MBA '11

Michael Enos, CTO of Second Harvest Food Bank, was a successful businessman
with extensive experience at the time of joining the program. However, he
wanted to do a better job of meeting community needs for which decided to
further improve his knowledge through the SCU MBA program. “The more we can
scale our operations efficiently, the better stewards of donor dollars we are
and the better we can optimize what we have to help the community,” Michael
has been able to directly influence not only his local food bank community,
but the national food bank community as well. “I work on governance committees
and consortiums that create systems and technologies for the national food
bank network (Feeding America),” explained Michael. “I’ve been able to take
the tools and skills I learned at Leavey and provide value to the entire
network of food banks at a national level.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/M-Torres.jpg)

#### Michael Torres - Evening MBA '11

Originally trained as a mechanical engineer, Michael Torres used SCU’s Evening
MBA program to jump to new roles, first at Oracle and now at Salesforce, where
he is Lead Solution Engineer. Torres believes the biggest attributes of the
Evening MBA program are the students, the relationships that are built, and
the information that is shared. Throughout his time at Santa Clara, Torres
interacted with successful alumni who participated as guest speakers in
various classes. These alumni, many of which were founders of companies or
Angel investors, provided Torres with a new perspective. “Sometimes it can be
difficult to imagine yourself making that leap and starting a company,” Torres
said, “but if you can see how others made the leap, it’s easier to see
yourself in those shoes.” “I ultimately picked Santa Clara based on its
reputation and its location in the heart of Silicon Valley, where I knew I
wanted to focus my career.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Neeti.jpg)

#### Neeti Tulsyan - Evening MBA '11

Neeti says the graduate business foundation courses gave her a fresh
perspective on business, culture, and management techniques, but her
concentration in Business Analytics opened a whole new world for her. “There
is no better place to be than in Silicon Valley if you are pursuing business
analytics as a career. SCU being right in the heart of the Valley has the
right network of people, right knowledge base with expertise in latest trends
in the subject. I wouldn't look elsewhere!” Tulsyan took advantage of the
Business School’s California Program for Entrepreneurs (CAPE). “With like-
minded classmates I was able to work on an idea of creating a data-driven
fashion app that connects personal stylists with online shoppers.” She’s
currently the operations officer of StyleBAR, the business she co-founded with
classmates.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Alina.jpg)

#### Alina Adams - Evening MBA '13

Alina is the Vice President of startup Volyy; she also spends her time working
with a small team to build the groundwork for a second startup company. She
graduated from the SCU MBA program in December 2013 and chose Leavey School of
Business due to its excellent faculty, academic program strength and its
location, the perfect place to study business and entrepreneurship. She was
also a member of the 2013 CAPE cohort where she was the winner of the Internet
Services Sector prize for the Tria & Barrett Cohn CAPE Business Plan Pitch
Competition. Alina felt that her graduate business degree perfectly
complemented her technical engineering degree and prepared her for business
leadership. She strongly believes that organizing the VCIC was her most
memorable experience in her MBA program.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Ashley.jpg)

#### Ashley Howell - Evening MBA '13

She is the founder and CEO of Givve Collection. Her SCU MBA program was
integral in the development of Givve, says Howell. Getting to know local
executives and SCU alumni through the School’s Center for Innovation and
Entrepreneurship while being mentored by business school faculty prompted her
to pursue Givve as her thesis project. Under the guidance of Prof. Kirthi
Kalyanam, Director of the Retail Management Institute, she turned her idea
into a viable project. Then, she began pulling together partners from fashion
and technology to develop the Givve website (www.shopgivve.com). Currently
working for a large defense contractor, Ashley considers herself as a
technology oriented person with well-developed fashion interests. She sees a
distinct growth in the convergence of tech and fashion and is happy to be a
part of it.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Jason.jpg)

#### Jason Oliver - Evening MBA '14

Jason chose to pursue an MBA in order to couple his scientific background with
a formal business understanding. His ultimate objective was to make a
transition from science into a more collaborative marketing role. The MBA
program was an important tool in facilitating and enabling his career
transition. The flexibility offered by the Evening MBA program allowed him to
continue in his research role while attending classes, Also especially SCU’s
location was convenient for him geographically and the program was very cost
competitive for him. His experience at SCU especially building networks and
getting informal advice sessions from his favorite professors paved his career
path. After his MBA, he was offered as a data scientist role in a Fortune 500
company where he now supports data driven marketing decisions.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Wayne.jpg)

#### Wayne Tow - Evening MBA '15

After a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from UCLA, Wayne was
working for a gaming company called Raptr when he decided to get an MBA. “The
SCU program was well located in the heart of tech, with classes evenings and
weekends so I could work and further my education at the same time,” Tow says.
“And it was great to take stuff you learned in class and be able to apply it
right away in a true work setting to see how it played out.” As the senior
product manager, Tow worked closely on the development of the app and
collaborated with his team members and customers to continuously improve it
and move its release forward. Unravel made its debut with a test run in the
U.K. the first part of 2015 and beta-released in the United States earlier
this summer. “There’s an abundance of smart people in Silicon Valley and the
tech industry,” he says. Having a SCU graduate education gives you a head
start and an advantage.”

[Evening MBA Sections __](/business/evening-mba/)[Evening
MBA](/business/evening-mba/)

  * [Evening MBA](/business/evening-mba/)
  * [Prospective Students FAQ](/business/evening-mba/prospective-students/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/evening-mba/curriculum/)
  * [Faculty](/business/evening-mba/faculty/)
  * [Advisory Board](/business/evening-mba/advisory-board/)
  * Alumni
  * [Contact Us](/business/evening-mba/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [JEBNET Spring 2019](/business/evening-mba/jebnet/)
  * [MBA Home](/business/mba-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

