Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-degrees/faqs/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Frequently Asked Questions

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS](/business/ms-degrees/)
  4. Frequently Asked Questions 

# MS FAQ's

**What is the minimum application requirement?**  All students must have a
Bachelor's Degree or the US Equivalent.  All of our programs are open to
applicant's who meet this basic requirement.

**I earned my degree from an international institution.   Am I still
eligible?**  Maybe.  All international degrees/transcripts MUST be evaluated
by a recognized credential evaluation service.  SCU requires the ICAP
evaluation provided by WES ([wes.org](http://wes.org/)).  They evaluate
international degrees/transcripts to determine whether or not they are the
equivalent to a US Bachelor's Degree.  

**Is your program STEM approved?**   Yes.  All of our MS Programs are STEM
approved and graduating students MAY receive the STEM OPT extension depending
on their situation. Length depends on whether or not students have used any
OPT time prior to joining our program.

**As an international student, when can I begin working at an internship?**
To qualify for internships, international students MUST complete three
consecutive quarters as a full-time student.

**When does the application open?**   Applications are normally open 8 months
in advance of the application deadline.

**What does the application consist of?**   A completed application will
consist of essays, a resume, official transcripts or WES evaluations
(international students only), GMAT or GRE score, TOEFL score (international
students only) and at least 2 letters of recommendation.

**Are there any prerequisites?** You must satisfy any pre-program competencies
for the following MS Programs:

  * **MS Business Analytics:**   2 courses of college-level calculus and 1 course of college-level statistics 
  * **MS Financial Analytics:**  2 courses of college-level calculus and 1 course of college-level statistics 
  * **MS Information Systems:  **1 course of college-level statistics and 1 course of college-level programming language

Applicants are eligible to apply without the prerequisite(s), but must fulfill
the prerequisite(s) prior to enrolling.

**Prerequisites:   Can I take them on Coursera, EdX, etc?**  No. Pre-program
competencies must be taken from accredited universities who can provide us
with an official transcript showing successful completion (grade).  

**Does your program offer GMAT/GRE waivers?**   Yes, but only to strong
candidates who demonstrate a combination of good full-time work experience and
a strong, verifiable (usually with transcripts) quantitative/technical
background.  Students who receive waivers ARE NOT eligible for scholarships.

**Which do you prefer, GMAT or GRE?  
** While the [ **GMAT**  (Graduate Management Admissions
Test](http://www.mba.com/)) has been the standard exam used for business
schools, the [ **GRE**  (Graduate Record Exam)](http://www.ets.org/gre) is
also accepted. We do not prefer one exam over the other.

**Are there minimum test scores for the GMAT, GRE, or TOEFL?   And how long
are test score valid?**  
We do not have minimum test scores and your application evaluation is based a
comprehensive review.  The average GMAT score for MS program is 640. The
average GRE score is 309.  
  
Scores from either test are valid for five (5) years. Applicants are welcome
to take either exam more than once; we will only consider the highest score.

**What school code should I use to send my official test scores?**

  * GMAT School Code: BV3-WB-59
  * GRE School Code: 4851
  * TOEFL School Code: 4851

**Do you offer scholarships?**   Yes.  All students who submit their completed
application by the designated deadline are reviewed for scholarship when we
review their application.  No additional paperwork is required.  Students who
submit after that date may be considered if there is scholarship money still
available.  Scholarships are merit-based.

**What other type of financial aid is available?  **In addition, the
university offers federal and private loans. Domestic students (US citizens
and permanent residents) are eligible both federal and private loans, while
international students are eligible only eligible for private loans with or
without a creditworthy US cosigner.

**What are the MS Programs application deadline?**

Fall APR 01, 2019 (for scholarship consideration); final deadline MAY 01, 2019

Winter OCT 15, 2019 (for scholarship consideration) MSIS only

Spring JAN 15, 2020 (for scholarship consideration) MSIS only

**Do you require work experience?  
** Our MS programs do not require full-time work experience, with the
exception of Information Systems whereas 2-3 years is required.  However, work
experience is preferred and most MS students have had between 1-3 years of
work experience prior to enrolling.  College seniors and recent college
graduates are eligible to apply.

**May I submit my application if I have not yet taken the GMAT, GRE, and/or
TOEFL?**

Yes, you may submit, however it is preferable that self-reported GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL scores are submitted with the application. We recommend that
applicants take the test at least 4 weeks before the posted deadline.  Delays
in taking and/or reporting the test scores will postpone the completion of
your application, and ultimately a decision.  All scores are verified.

**Do I need to mail official transcripts from each college or university
attended?**  
For the application process **, NO.**   If you are admitted, we will
**require**  that you mail to our office official transcripts. Note that any
discrepancy between the uploaded transcript and the official transcript could
result in the denial of your application or withdrawal of your offer of
admission.  

However, you are required to submit a scanned transcript file for each school
you attended – and the additional WES evaluation (if you’ve attended an
international school). These will be uploaded to complete your application
(only file types accepted are: pdf, doc, or .docx).  You will be instructed in
the online application when each document needs to be uploaded.

**Do I need to have my foreign transcript evaluated** **?   What if it’s
already in English?**  
Applicants with a degree from outside of the United States are required to
have their official transcripts evaluated, regardless if the transcript is
printed in English.  We require course-by-course, cumulative GPA, and U.S.
degree equivalency evaluation.  No exceptions are made.   Our service provider
is [WES](http://www.wes.org).

Due to an increased incidence of fraudulent documents, we will only accept
documents from WES.org and no other NACES organization. Because of this
increase in fraud, degrees from India and China may endure a longer processing
time with WES. Plan early. Processing may take up to 12 weeks for an
evaluation.

[MS Sections __](/business/ms-degrees/)[MS](/business/ms-degrees/)

  * [MS](/business/ms-degrees/)
  * [MS Business Analytics](/business/ms-business-analytics/)
  * [MS in Financial Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)
  * [MS Information Systems](/business/ms-information-systems/)
  * [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  * [Online MS in Marketing](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-masters)
  * [4+1 Program](/business/ms-4plus1/)
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * [MS Admission Comparison](/business/ms-degrees/ms-admission-comparison/)
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-degrees/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [Graduates Home](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

