Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-finance/prospective-students-faq/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Prospective Students FAQ

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS in Financial Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)
  4. Prospective Students FAQ 

Investigate the MS in Financial Analytics program

Meet with us, visit a class, check our updated and relevant curriculum that is
more suited for Silicon Valley crowd. Follow this section to find the answers
to all of your questions related to the Masters in Financial Analytics
program.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/MSF-Prospective-
Students-760x350.jpg)  


[Apply Now](https://slate.scu.edu/apply/)

Let us answer your questions.

Take a few more steps toward earning your MSFA at Santa Clara University. Need
more information? Contact us at
[msadmissions@scu.edu](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu) or call us at
408-554-4539.

##### What are the required documents for applying to MSFA Program?

__

**Documents needed to complete the application:**

  * Submit an online application form and $100 application fee paid by credit card
  * Resume
  * Business Essays: 
    * Essay 1: What excites you most about your intended field of study?
    * Essay 2: What do you see yourself doing professionally upon graduation and how will a degree from Santa Clara help you achieve these aspirations?
    * Essay 3: Discuss any attributes, experiences, or interests that would enable you to make a distinctive contribution to the school and/or business profession.
  * Academic Records and Transcripts: 
    * International Transcripts (study outside the U.S.) If you received a conferred degree (undergraduate or graduate) from a school outside the U.S., you are required to submit the course-by-course WES ICAP evaluation. Prepare for this process at least two months in advance as this is a lengthy process. Request the WES report be delivered electronically to the Leavey School of Business.
    * U.S. Transcripts (study electronically the U.S.)  
Scan the official transcript from each institution from which you studied in
the United States, including community colleges, summer sessions, and
extension programs.

  * Official GMAT or GRE exam results: 
    * GMAT – School code BV3-WB51
    * GRE- School code 4851
  * Official TOEFL exam results:  School code 4851 
    * If your first language is not English, submit your official TOEFL (preferred) or IELTS test score. TOEFL is waived if the Verbal section of the GMAT or GRE is above the 50% mark.
  * Two (2) Letters of Recommendation: Letters of recommendation from persons qualified to evaluate your academic and professional qualifications are required. You should solicit recommendations from individuals who are familiar with your academic or professional achievement and who can address your potential for success in this particular academic setting. The process is managed through the online application.  Paper recommendations are not accepted.
  * Recommenders are asked to elaborate on the following qualities:  

    * Intellectual characteristics
    * Knowledge of field of study
    * Ability to communicate
    * Diligence and self-discipline
    * Personal effectiveness
    * Potential for graduate study
    * Quantitative aptitude & problem solving skills

**Tips**  
Prepare a document file in PDF format for each item that will be uploaded to
the online application (resume, essays, transcripts/WES, test score reports,
etc.).  Applicants will be instructed within the online application when each
document needs to be uploaded.

Do not mail official transcripts to our office, unless requested.

A $1000 non-refundable deposit is required to secure a position in the MS in
Financial Analytics.

##### What is the deadline for MSFA Program application?

__

Students are admitted to the MSF program for the **FALL** quarter only.

**April 1** \- Scholarship Consideration for both international & domestic.
Applications must be submitted with all required documentation. Applications
submitted but missing required documentation, will not be reviewed in this
first round and candidates will not be considered for scholarship.  
 **May 1  **\- Final Deadline without scholarship consideration

Most decisions will be made by April 20 and rolling admissions thereafter.

##### Are there any prerequisites prior to entering a MSFA program?

__

You must hold an undergraduate degree from a regionally accredited U.S.
institution or an equivalent four-year bachelor's degree as determined by
[WES.org](https://www.wes.org/) and with the following prerequisites:

  1. Statistics  
Content should include topics in statistics, descriptive statistics,
regression, probability, random variables and distributions, the central limit
theorem, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing for 1 & 2 populations,
goodness of fit, and contingency tables.

  2. Calculus 1  
Content should include differential and integral calculus, key concepts of
limit, derivative and continuity, derivatives in graphing and optimizing
functions, and fundamental theorem of calculus.

  3. Calculus 2  
Content should include techniques and applications of integration, infinite
sequences and series, first ;and second-order ordinary differential equations,
exact equations, oscillation and damping, and series solutions of ordinary
differential equations.

 Applicants are eligible to apply without the prerequisite(s), but must
fulfill the prerequisite(s) by the end of the first quarter of enrollment.
Because of the rigors of the programs, it is recommended that applicants take
the prerequisite(s) prior to enrolling.

Courses from Coursera, Udacity, edX, or the like, are not accepted.
Prerequisites must be taken at an accredited university. Applicants may take
the prerequisites through a University of California Extension, though a
comparable university or community college is accepted, if accredited.





##### Do you offer GMAT, GRE or TOEFL test waivers?

__

A waiver may be considered for candidates with a high level of skill necessary
for academic success. Contact our [MS Admissions
Office](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu) for an application for the GMAT/GRE
waiver.

Eligibility:  
Candidates must have 4 or more years of full-time work experience and one or
more of the following:

  * A bachelor's degree from accredited school with a cumulative GPA above a 3. 4 (STEM majors), or 3.5 (Non STEM majors)
  * A master's doctorate, or professional degree (JD,MD) with a cumulative GPA above a 3.3 from an accredited university, or professional certification, e.g. CPA, CFA. Note: Certificate programs do not count.
  * Conferred degree that is quantitative in nature, e.g. math, engineering, or hard sciences (undergraduate or graduate)
  * Have five or more years of military enlistment

No GMAT/GRE waiver is automatic and an approved waiver does not guarantee
admission to the program. If you have any questions about our waiver policy
contact our [MS Admissions Office](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu).

**A waiver may be considered for MS in Financial Analytics candidates.

##### Which one do you prefer, GMAT or GRE?

__

While the  [GMAT  (Graduate Management Admissions Test)](http://www.mba.com/)
has been the standard exam used for business schools, the  [GRE (Graduate
Record Exam)](http://www.ets.org/gre) is also accepted. We do not prefer one
exam over the other.

##### Are there minimum test scores for the GMAT, GRE, or TOEFL? And how long
are test score valid?

__

We do not have minimum test scores and your application evaluation is based a
comprehensive review. The average GMAT score for MS program is 603. The
average GRE score is 309. The average TOEFL score is 101.  
  
Scores from either test are valid for five (5) years. Applicants are welcome
to take either exam more than once; we will only consider the highest score.

##### What school code should I use to send my official test scores?

__

  * GMAT School Code: BV3-WB-59
  * GRE School Code: 4851
  * TOEFL School Code: 4851

##### Do you require work experience?

__

Our MSF program does not require full-time work experience. However, work
experience is preferred and most MSF students have had between 1-3 years of
work experience prior to enrolling. College seniors and recent college
graduates are eligible to apply.  

##### May I submit my application if I have not yet taken the GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL?

__

Yes, you may submit, however it is preferable that self-reported GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL scores are submitted with the application. We recommend that
applicants take the test at least 4 weeks before the posted deadline. Delays
in taking and/or reporting the test scores will postpone the completion of
your application, and ultimately a decision. All scores are verified.

##### How much does an MSFA program cost and what types of scholarships and
financial aids are available?

__

##### Tuition

**$1,265 / unit** _(2019-20 tuition)_

_46 units to complete degree  
_

For details on payment options and schedules, visit the Bursar's website
[here](https://www.scu.edu/bursar/ "SCU Bursar's website")  »

All MS students are eligible for merit-based scholarship after enrollment.
These scholarships are awarded to the top academically performing students in
the programs based on performance. You cannot apply for these scholarships.

In addition, the university offers federal and private loans. Domestic
students (US citizens and permanent residents) are eligible both federal and
private loans, while international students are eligible only eligible for
private loans with or without a creditworthy US cosigner.  

##### Financial Aid

###### Federal and Private Loans

The University Financial Aid Office can help in locating and applying for
these types of aid. You may visit the staff in Patricia A. and Stephen C.
Schott Admission and Enrollment Services Building; call (408) 551-1000, or
email [onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu).

###### Scholarships

All applicants to any MS program are considered for a scholarship if they
submit their completed application by **April 1**.   Awards are based on
professional accomplishments and outstanding scholarship as demonstrated in
collegiate transcripts, GMAT or GRE score and recent coursework. The Graduate
Business Office does not award need-based scholarships.



##### What types of financial aid are available, and who is eligible to apply?

__

All MSFA students are eligible for merit-based scholarship after enrollment.
These scholarships are awarded to the top academically performing students in
the programs based on performance. You cannot apply for these scholarships.

In addition, the university offers federal and private loans. Domestic
students (US citizens and permanent residents) are eligible both federal and
private loans, while international students are eligible only eligible for
private loans with or without a creditworthy US cosigner.  

##### Do I need to mail official transcripts from each college or university
attended?

__

For the application process **, NO.**  If you are admitted, we will
**require** that you mail to our office official transcripts. Note that any
discrepancy between the uploaded transcript and the official transcript could
result in the denial of your application or withdrawal of your offer of
admission.  

However, you are required to submit a scanned transcript file for each school
you attended – and the additional WES evaluation (if you’ve attended an
international school). These will be uploaded to complete your application
(only file types accepted are: pdf, doc, or .docx). You will be instructed in
the online application when each document needs to be uploaded.





##### Do I need to have my foreign transcript evaluated? What if it’s already
in English?

__

Yes. Applicants with degrees from international institutions are required to
have their official transcripts evaluated by [WES.org](https://www.wes.org/).
This is required for all international degrees, even if the transcript is
printed in English. We require course-by-course, cumulative GPA, and U.S.
degree equivalency ICAPS evaluation  (electronic delivery). No exceptions are
made.  



##### When can I expect a decision on my completed application?

__

For Fall applications submitted by the April 1 deadline will have decisions
rendered electronically by the end of day April 20.  Applications completed by
the May 1 deadline will be reviewed as completed and decisions rendered
electronically within 2 weeks of completed submission.  

Interviews may be required for applicants.







##### What does an MSFA class profile look and where they mostly work?

__

**Average Age** : 27  
 **Average  GPA**: 3.18  
 **Average  GMAT**: 603  
 **Average  GRE**: 309  
 **Average  Months Employed**: 40  
 **Number of Countries of Origin** : 7  
 **Enrollment Plan** : 92% Full-time

  
**Where SCU Alumns Work  
**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Santa-Clara-Map.jpg)

[MS in Financial Analytics Sections __](/business/ms-finance/)[MS in Financial
Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)

  * [MS in Financial Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)
  * Prospective Students FAQ
    * [International Applicants](/business/ms-finance/prospective-students-faq/international-applicants/)
    * [Application Checklist](/business/ms-finance/prospective-students-faq/application-checklist/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-finance/curriculum/)
  * [Faculty](/business/ms-finance/faculty/)
  * [Advisory Board](/business/ms-finance/advisory-board/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-finance/contact-us/)
  * [Alumni](/business/ms-finance/alumni/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-business-analytics/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

