Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-finance/alumni/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Alumni

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS in Financial Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)
  4. Alumni 

    

### Meet a few of our MFA alumni!



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/msf/Sydney-1-200x200.jpg)

#### Sydney Foresythe \- MS Finance '15 - Valuation and Fairness Opinion
Analyst, Stout Risius Ross

After graduation with a bachelor’s degree in commerce from McMaster
University, Canada, Sydney Foresythe was working as an intern at RBC Dominion
Securities and MacNicol Associates in Toronto, and with CITCO, a business that
provides services to hedge-fund companies. However, he wasn’t satisfied with
the progress of his career and wanted to pursue his career for a Masters
degree in Finance. That search led him to the Leavey School of Business at
Santa Clara University, where he enrolled in the M.S. Finance program in 2014
and received his degree in June 2015. He is now working as a Valuation and
Fairness Opinion Analyst for the financial firm Stout Risius Ross in Los
Angeles. Additionally, SCU's location, repuatation, program duration, strong
network with alumni and businesses, small class sizes, approachable
professors, real-world experience, and a great learning experience from peers
provided him a better position to succeed in future. During the course, he got
valuable advice from George Chacko and adjunct instructor Nitin Barve that
were supplemented by practical advice on job searching from the school’s
career advisers and assistance from the International Student Services office
on how to navigate his visa situation when looking for work. While going
through this amusement ride, Foresythe found Stout Risius Ross and learned
about the company, which seemed like a good fit. Given contact information for
one of the firm’s managing directors, and advice from business school staff on
how to make the approach, he e-mailed her, was called in for an interview, and
was offered a job in his field when he graduated. “The idea was to come to
Santa Clara, get a master’s degree, and get into a field more involved with
financial analytics,” Foresythe says. “That is exactly what happened, and I
absolutely feel I made the right decision.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/msf/Sarah-1-200x200.jpg)

#### Sarah Ip - MS Finance '15 - Senior Financial Analyst

As an undergraduate at UC-Berkeley, Sarah Ip majored in political economy,
with a concentration in globalization. With the intent of going to law school,
she interned with the U.S. Department of Commerce and with the San Francisco
County Public Defender’s Office. However, in the mean time, she became more
interested in business and decided to pursue an advanced degree in an area
that will build stronger technical skills. Hence, she joined the one-year
Master’s program in Finance at Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of
Business. Her experience at SCU was really amazing due to the small class
sizes, highly supportive professors and collaborative environment among peers.
Ip started at Santa Clara in June 2014 and at a career fair at Santa Clara,
she was approached by a recruiter for Maxim Integrated, a publicly traded San
Jose firm, founded in 1983, that develops analog technology solutions for a
wide range of industrial applications. “Initially, Maxim Integrated wasn’t
even on my radar,” she says, “but my goal was to work for a company that
offered a financial rotation program to allow me to gain more exposure to
different roles in the financial field. It turned out to be a great fit and an
amazing opportunity.” The rotation program is focused on leadership
development. Newly hired Finance graduates work under the umbrella of the
firm’s CFO, specializing in an area of work one year, then rotating to another
and another the first three years before it’s determined where they’ll end up.
In her first year as senior financial analyst, Ip was assigned to the
Securities Exchange Commission reporting unit, and had been involved in
preparing Maxim Integrated’s 10K form at the time she was interviewed. “I
would say if you’re interested in Finance and have the desire to build a
strong technical background, Santa Clara University is a good option. Make
sure you take the time to make good connections, because the year flies by,”
she says.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/msf/Toshi-200x200.jpg)

#### Toshi Masubuchi - MS Finance '15 - Business Valuation Associate

To pursue his interest in business and Finance, Toshihiro (Toshi) Masubuchi
decided to do one-year Master’s program in Finance in the Leavey School of
Business at Santa Clara University. Masubuchi says that his grades at UCLA
were decent but not stellar, and that Santa Clara took time to interview him
in depth and look at his career trajectory to see that he would be a good fit
for the MS Finance program. “I felt like I had a purpose going in,” he says of
his acceptance. “I tried to have no expectations. My mindset was to have a
sense of desperation about it, and that I was going to work as hard as I can.
I wanted to capitalize on the opportunity the university gave me.”
Collaborative environment among peers, helpful professors, and small class
sizes were the most highlight points for him in the program. He started
classes in the summer of 2014 and by summer’s end was applying for jobs. In
July a former roommate connected him to the lead recruiter for a Business
Valuation Associate position in the West Region offices at Deloitte Financial
Advisory Services. After attending networking events, he was invited to an in-
house interview in October and later that month, he was hired at the Los
Angeles office beginning in October 2015.That left him with several months
between graduation and the start of the job, so he looked for an internship to
pick up additional experience. In the summer of 2015, he worked 10 weeks for
Softbank in its San Carlos office. During the internship, he worked on valuing
those separate assets, helping to come up with a sum-of-the-parts valuation of
the company. “The experience at Santa Clara was very beneficial,” Masubuchi
says. “I was constantly on the grind — studying, taking exams, doing projects.
But the condensed nature of the one-year program is great for people who come
in with a purpose and want to execute their game plan. It’s probably the best
investment I’ll ever make in my life.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/msf/Xiaoyun-200x200.jpg)

#### Xiaoyun Yang \- MS Finance '15 - Supple Demand Planner

Xiaoyun Yang had majored in statistics as an undergraduate in China, and had
worked in and for analytical centers of an international and Chinese bank,
helping develop credit-card models. After getting accepted into the one-year
M.S. Finance program at Santa Clara’s Leavey School of Business, she had more
fun in studying than working due to the intensive and project-based courses.
As an international student, she also appreciated the significant help of
career counseling and support from the university’s career office that was
supplemented by the help from many of the 30,000 or so Santa Clara alumni in
the Bay Area, who helped her develop a network. As she moved through the
program, Yang decided she didn’t want to work for a bank, but rather wanted to
take advantage of being in Silicon Valley by doing analytical work for a tech
company. In August 2015 she started in the operations department at Apple,
working with the finance and marketing departments. “A lot of the key skills
in the job are the same as what I learned at Santa Clara,” she says. The MS
Finance program, Yang says, “really prepared me in terms of speaking,
presentation, communication, and understanding what’s happening in the
business world. But what I really treasure most about it was the people I met
— the professors and outstanding students. They were great people who helped
me become better.” She graduated in June 2015.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/msf/Ruta-200x200.jpg)

#### Ruta Zurauskyte - MSF '14 - Financial Planning and Analysis Intern, Tibco
Software

Ruta Zurauskyte ’13, is a June 2014 graduate in the Master’s in Finance. She
received her bachelor’s in finance from the Leavey School of Business in 2013
and is now advising recently accepted MSF students. She had joined the MSF
program for being able to pursue positions in the banking industry, investment
and insurance companies, as well as corporate finance roles. Hence, MSF
program in a relatively short amount of time really fit her needs.
Additionally, SCU'S location in Silicon Valley, vast alumni network and her
prior association with SCU made her job search process a lot easier. She
says,"I was a bit surprised at how much I was able to learn in the short 12
months of my studies. I was really able to tailor the program to my career
needs and get the most out of my time as well as get a full-time job following
my graduation." She is currently a financial planning and analysis intern at
Tibco Software in Palo Alto. She is working with their tibbr and Loyalty Lab
business units by helping with the procurement process, forecasting and sales
operations finance.



[MS in Financial Analytics Sections __](/business/ms-finance/)[MS in Financial
Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)

  * [MS in Financial Analytics](/business/ms-finance/)
  * [Prospective Students FAQ](/business/ms-finance/prospective-students-faq/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-finance/curriculum/)
  * [Faculty](/business/ms-finance/faculty/)
  * [Advisory Board](/business/ms-finance/advisory-board/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-finance/contact-us/)
  * Alumni
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-business-analytics/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

