Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-information-systems/prospective-students-faq/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Prospective Students FAQ

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS Information Systems](/business/ms-information-systems/)
  4. Prospective Students FAQ 

Learn why an MSIS degree will help you go anywhere.

[RSVP](https://www.scu.edu/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/) for an
Information Session, hear alumni stories, read about our faculty—and prepare
your application to the only MSIS program in the heart of Silicon Valley.

Our MSIS program makes you a tech expert in the tech capital of the world with
its project-based curriculum.

Meet with us, visit a class, check our updated and relevant curriculum—as you
consider the Masters in Information Systems program that connects best to
Silicon Valley. You will find all answers to all of your questions related to
the Masters in Information Systems program in this section.  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/MSIS-Prospective-
Students-1-760x350.jpg)

[Apply Now](https://slate.scu.edu/apply/)

Let us answer your questions.

Take a few more steps toward earning your MSIS at Santa Clara University. Need
more information? Contact us at
[msadmissions@scu.edu](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu) or call us at
1-408-554-4539.

##### What are the required documents for applying to MSIS Program?

__

**Documents needed to complete the application:**

  * Submit an online application form and $100 application fee paid by credit card
  * Resume
  * Business Essays: 
    * Essay 1: What excites you most about your intended field of study?
    * Essay 2: What do you see yourself doing professionally upon graduation and how will a degree from Santa Clara help you achieve these aspirations?
    * Essay 3: Discuss any attributes, experiences, or interests that would enable you to make a distinctive contribution to the school and/or business profession.
  * Academic Records and Transcripts: 
    * International Transcripts (study outside the U.S.) If you received a conferred degree (undergraduate or graduate) from a school outside the U.S., you are required to submit the course-by-course WES ICAP evaluation. Prepare for this process at least two months in advance as this is a lengthy process. Request the WES report be delivered electronically to the Leavey School of Business.
    * U.S. Transcripts (study electronically the U.S.)  
Scan the official transcript from each institution from which you studied in
the United States, including community colleges, summer sessions, and
extension programs.

  * Official GMAT or GRE exam results: 
    * GMAT – School code BV3-WB51
    * GRE- School code 4851
  * Official TOEFL exam results:  School code 4851 
    * If your first language is not English, submit your official TOEFL (preferred) or IELTS test score. TOEFL is waived if the Verbal section of the GMAT or GRE is above the 50% mark.
  * Two (2) Letters of Recommendation: Letters of recommendation from persons qualified to evaluate your academic and professional qualifications are required. You should solicit recommendations from individuals who are familiar with your academic or professional achievement and who can address your potential for success in this particular academic setting. The process is managed through the online application.  Paper recommendations are not accepted.
  * Recommenders are asked to elaborate on the following qualities:  

    * Intellectual characteristics
    * Knowledge of field of study
    * Ability to communicate
    * Diligence and self-discipline
    * Personal effectiveness
    * Potential for graduate study
    * Quantitative aptitude & problem solving skills

**Tips**  
Prepare a document file in PDF format for each item that will be uploaded to
the online application (resume, essays, transcripts/WES, test score reports,
etc.).  Applicants will be instructed within the online application when each
document needs to be uploaded.

Do not mail official transcripts to our office, unless requested.

**Admissions Deposits**

A $750 non-refundable tuition deposit is required to secure a position in the
MS in Information Systems program.

##### What is the deadline for MSIS Program application?

__

Students are admitted to the MSIS program for the **FALL, WINTER,  **and
**SPRING**  quarters.

**April 1** - Deadline for applicants (international & domestic) who want to
be considered for scholarship.  Applications must be submitted with all
required documentation.  Applications submitted but missing required
documentation, will not be reviewed in this first round and candidates will
not be considered for scholarship.  
 **May 1  **\- Final Deadline for Fall without scholarship consideration  
 **October 15  **\- Final Deadline for Winter without scholarship
consideration  
 **January 20  **\- Final Deadline for Spring without scholarship
consideration

##### Are there any prerequisites prior to entering a MSIS program?

__

You must hold an undergraduate degree from a regionally accredited U.S.
institution or an equivalent four-year bachelor's degree as determined by
[WES.org](https://www.wes.org/) and with the following prerequisites:

  1. Statistics - Content should include topics in statistics, descriptive statistics, regression, probability, random variables and distributions, the central limit theorem, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing for 1 & 2 populations, goodness of fit, and contingency tables
  2. Programming Language - One course of college-level programming language, e.g. C, C++recommended

Applicants are eligible to apply without the prerequisite(s), but must fulfill
the prerequisite(s) by the end of the first quarter of enrollment. Because of
the rigors of the programs, it is recommended that applicants take the
prerequisite(s) prior to enrolling.

Courses from Coursera, Udacity, edX, or the like, are not accepted.
Prerequisites must be taken at an accredited university. Applicants may take
the prerequisites through a University of California Extension, though a
comparable university or community college is accepted, if accredited.

##### Do you offer GMAT, GRE or TOEFL test waivers?

__

A waiver may be considered for candidates with a high level of skill necessary
for academic success. Contact our [MS Admissions
Office](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu) for an application for the GMAT/GRE
waiver.

Eligibility:  
Candidates must have 4 or more years of full-time work experience and one or
more of the following:

  * A bachelor's degree from accredited school with a cumulative GPA above a 3.48 (STEM majors), or 3.5 (Non STEM majors)
  * A master's doctorate, or professional degree (JD,MD) with a cumulative GPA above a 3.3 from an accredited university, or professional certification, e.g. CPA, CFA. Note: Certificate programs do not count.
  * Conferred degree that is quantitative in nature, e.g. math, engineering, or hard sciences (undergraduate or graduate)
  * Have five or more years of military enlistment

No GMAT/GRE waiver is automatic and an approved waiver does not guarantee
admission to the program. If you have any questions about our waiver policy
contact our [MS Admissions Office](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu).

**A waiver may be considered for MS in Finance, MS in Information Systems and
MS in Supply Chain candidates. The MSBA Program **does not** offer GMAT or GRE
waivers.   All applicants are required to take either the GMAT or GRE
regardless of the number of years of work experience.

##### Which one do you prefer, GMAT or GRE?

__

While the  [GMAT  (Graduate Management Admissions Test)](http://www.mba.com/)
has been the standard exam used for business schools, the  [GRE (Graduate
Record Exam)](http://www.ets.org/gre) is also accepted. We do not prefer one
exam over the other.

##### Are there minimum test scores for the GMAT, GRE, or TOEFL? How long are
the test scores valid?

__

We do not have minimum test scores and your application evaluation is based a
comprehensive review. The average GMAT score for MSBA program is 648. The
average GRE score is 307. The average TOEFL score is 102.  
  
Scores from either test are valid for five (5) years. Applicants are welcome
to take either exam more than once; we will only consider the highest score.

##### What school code should I use to send my official test scores?

__

  * GMAT School Code: BV3-WB-59
  * GRE School Code: 4851
  * TOEFL School Code: 4851

##### Do you require work experience?

__

Our MSIS program does not require full-time work experience. However, work
experience is preferred and most MSIS students have had between 1-3 years of
work experience prior to enrolling. College seniors and recent college
graduates are eligible to apply.  

##### May I submit my application if I have not yet taken the GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL?

__

Yes, you may submit, however it is preferable that self-reported GMAT, GRE,
and/or TOEFL scores are submitted with the application. We recommend that
applicants take the test at least 4 weeks before the posted deadline. Delays
in taking and/or reporting the test scores will postpone the completion of
your application, and ultimately a decision. All scores must be verified.

##### What types of financial aid are available, and who is eligible to apply?

__

All MSIS students are eligible for merit-based scholarship after enrollment.
These scholarships are awarded to the top academically performing students in
the programs based on performance. You cannot apply for these scholarships.

In addition, the university offers federal and private loans. Domestic
students (US citizens and permanent residents) are eligible both federal and
private loans, while international students are only eligible for private
loans with or without a creditworthy US cosigner.  

##### Do I need to mail official transcripts from each college or university
attended?

__

For the application process **, NO.**  If you are admitted, we will
**require** that you mail your official transcripts to our office. Note that
any discrepancy between the uploaded transcript and the official transcript
could result in the denial of your application or withdrawal of your offer of
admission.  

However, you are required to submit a scanned transcript file for each school
you attended – and the additional WES evaluation (if you’ve attended an
international school). These will be uploaded to complete your application
(only file types accepted are: pdf, doc, or .docx). You will be instructed in
the online application when each document needs to be uploaded.

##### Do I need to have my foreign transcript evaluated? What if it’s already
in English?

__

Yes. Applicants with degrees from international institutions are required to
have their official transcripts evaluated by [WES.org](https://www.wes.org/).
This is required for all international degrees, even if the transcript is
printed in English.  We require course-by-course, cumulative GPA, and U.S.
degree equivalency ICAPS evaluation  (electronic delivery). No exceptions are
made.  

##### When can I expect a decision on my completed application?

__

For Winter and Spring - Applications will be reviewed upon completion and
decisions rendered electronically within 3 weeks.

For Fall applications submitted by the April 1 deadline will have decisions
rendered electronically by the end of day, April 20.  Applications completed
by the May 1 deadline will be reviewed as completed and decisions rendered
electronically within 2 weeks of completed submission.  

Interviews may be required for applicants.

##### What does an MSIS class profile look and where they mostly work?

__

**Average Age** : 25  
 **Average  GPA**: 3.30  
 **Average  GMAT**: 648  
 **Average  GRE**: 315  
 **Average TOEFL** : 102  
 **Average  Months of Work Experience**: 30  
 **Number of Countries Represented** : 4  
 **Gender Representation** : 25% Male; 75% Female  
 **Enrollment Plan** : 91% Full-time

  
**Where SCU Alumns Work  
**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/mba/Santa-Clara-Map.jpg)

##### How much does an MSIS cost and what type of scholarships and financial
aids are available?

__

**$1,150 / unit**   _(2019-20 tuition)_

48 units (beginning Fall 2019)

For details on payment options and schedules, visit the
[Bursar's](https://www.scu.edu/bursar/ "Home » Home » Bursar's Office")
website here  »

##### Financial Aid

###### Federal and Private Loans

International students are not eligible for federal aid; however, all
applications will be reviewed for eligibility for a modest MSIS merit
scholarship. You will be contacted once your eligibility is determined.

For non-international students, University Financial Aid Office can help in
locating and applying for these types of aid. Review the PDF here for your
options. You may visit the staff in Patricia A. and Stephen C. Schott
Admission and Enrollment Services Building; call (408) 551-1000, or email
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu).

###### Scholarships

All applicants to an MS program are considered for a scholarship if they
submit their completed application by **April 1**. Awards are based on
professional accomplishments and outstanding scholarship as demonstrated in
collegiate transcripts, GMAT or GRE score and recent coursework. The Graduate
Business Office does not award need-based scholarships.

Scholarship recipients are awarded at the time of admission. Scholarships are
awarded each term (except Summer), through graduation, conditioned upon
quarterly and cumulative 3.3 GPA throughout the program.

Students are eligible to receive only one Leavey School of Business
Scholarship. Students who are receiving the Food & Agribusiness scholarship
are not eligible to receive a second LSB scholarship.

The Graduate Business Programs office can help with applying for scholarships.
For questions, call (408) 554-4539 or send your questions to
[msadmissions@scu.edu](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu).

  | **Merit-Based Aid**  
---|---  
_**Who is it for?**_ |  Based on professional accomplishment and outstanding
scholarship as demonstrated in collegiate transcripts, GMAT score and recent
coursework. Students who have served their communities through outreach /
volunteer work are also eligible.  
_**Eligibility**_ |  All students enrolled in a minimum of 6 units per term
(Fall, Winter, Spring). Must maintain quarterly and cumulative GPA of 3.3 to
continue the scholarship.  
  
[MS Information Systems Sections __](/business/ms-information-systems/)[MS
Information Systems](/business/ms-information-systems/)

  * [MS Information Systems](/business/ms-information-systems/)
  * Prospective Students FAQ
    * [International Applicants](/business/ms-information-systems/prospective-students-faq/international-applicants/)
    * [Application Checklist](/business/ms-information-systems/prospective-students-faq/application-checklist/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-information-systems/curriculum/)
  * [Faculty](/business/ms-information-systems/faculty/)
  * [Alumni](/business/ms-information-systems/alumni/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-information-systems/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for Admission Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

