Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/supply-chain-management-a-seat-at-the-ceos-table/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Supply Chain Management: A seat at the CEO's table

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  4. [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  5. Supply Chain Management: A seat at the CEO's table 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/ms-
scm/iStock_000069540473-1-760x450-4.jpg)

##### Ram Bala, Assistant Professor of Operations Management and Information
Systems

The first question I pose to students in my graduate Supply Chain Management
(SCM) class is a rather rudimentary one: _What is Supply Chain Management_? I
get answers that range from the study of procurement and logistics to an
analysis of typical supply side variables such as inventory and quality
control. All of which are covered in a typical operations management courses.

So how is Supply Chain Management different?

The answer lies in the term itself. A “chain” implies links and in this
context, the links connect two different firms. Thus, Supply Chain Management
is the act of coordinating two or more different firms to deliver a product to
end consumers.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/graduates/ms-scm/friedman-200x267.jpg)

An economist might ask, as the Nobel prize-winning Milton Friedman (left) did:
“Why does this need to be studied? If there is demand and the appropriate
supply, the market determines the price of the transaction and supply-demand
match occurs.” Although this seems alright at first glance, spot markets such
as the one alluded to by Friedman do not always work effectively in all
contexts.

First, economies of scale for the supplier and buyer might work differently
implying that the optimal quantity to ship for the supplier in a particular
transaction might be quite different from the buyer, resulting in “money left
on the table” for both entities and the supply chain.

Second, exposure to demand uncertainty differs across supply chain entities.
Retailers face the brunt of demand uncertainty directly but manufacturers do
not. Retailers respond to this by varying their orders. Manufacturers over
adjust their demand forecasts in response to this fluctuation in orders from
retailers. This leads to escalating but spurious demand fluctuation in the
supply chain, also known as the _bullwhip effect_. Both parties could once
again benefit by better coordination. This requires thinking of them as
“supply chain partners” as opposed to arms-length entities.

Traditionally, the objective of SCM was to minimize the _total sum of
inventory and transportation costs_. However, supply chain efficiency loss due
to lack of coordination is not just an increase in the real costs incurred,
but the lost opportunity cost of higher prices or additional sales from end
consumers. Thus, the absence of coordination leads to a revenue loss that
might hurt all firms in the supply chain in the long run.



#### _These revenue implications have given SCM a seat at the CEO’s table and
given companies greater impetus in improving supply chain functioning._  

####  

This requires redefining our objectives. Costs continue to be important of
course, but _responsiveness_ to customer needs is almost as important. But
what do we mean by responsiveness? It takes two forms.

  1. Customers expect to receive the product in a timely manner and are willing to switch providers if not convinced about the promptness of delivery.
  2. Customer demands have increased, leading to levels of customization never seen before.

Yet, ensuring that the right product is available continues to be a challenge.
Thus, responsiveness is about customers getting the _right product at the
right time_.

This tradeoff between cost and responsiveness in an innovative-intensive
Silicon Valley context is the key focus of the MS in Supply Chain Management
at the Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University. More information
about the program can be found at: <https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-supply-
chain-management/>

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/isa/Bala-IMG_5095-2-100x100.jpg)

[Ram Bala](/business/isa/faculty/bala/) is an assistant professor of
Operations Management and Information Systems in the Leavey School of Business
at Santa Clara University. He research focuses on pricing, resource
allocation, and other operational variables in innovative-intensive
industries. He is a faculty director of the MS in Supply Chain Management
program within the Leavey School of Business.

###### Apr 7, 2016

[MS Supply Chain Management Sections __](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)[MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)

  * [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/curriculum/)
  * [MS SCMA Advisory Board](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/ms-scma-advisory-board/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/contact-us/)
  * [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

