Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/graduates/academic/policies/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Policies

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Current Students](/business/graduates/)
  4. [Academics](/business/graduates/academic/)
  5. Policies 

Policies for current Business student are found here.

Contact your Graduate Business Program Office if you need something that you
can't find.

[mba@scu.edu](mailto:mba@scu.edu) or
[msprograms@scu.edu](mailto:msprograms@scu.edu)

408-554-5485

##### Attendance / Leave of Absence Policies

__

**Attendance**

Students are generally expected to attend class sessions. Specific attendance
requirements may be set by the faculty in the syllabi of individual courses.  
If a student must drop all of his/her courses in any given quarter, that
student must have a written request for a Leave of Absence (LOA) on file in
the Academic Support and Records Office. Petition forms are available in the
office or you can fill out our online form. Appropriate drop & program fees
will be charged. Nonattendance in any quarter, other than Summer, is cause for
administrative discontinuation.

**Leaves of Absence (LOA)**

All students who do not register by the end of the first week of any quarter
of the academic year, excluding summer quarter, will be placed on the inactive
list unless they have been given a leave of absence. A leave of absence
request should be made on the Online LOA form or filled out and sent to your
respective program office.

A leave of absence will be granted only for a specified period of time and
normally not for more than one year (granted one quarter at a time). If the
approved period for the leave of absence is exceeded and the student does not
contact the Graduate Business Programs Office to request an extension by the
end of the first week of the current quarter, the student must reapply to the
program and will be considered for readmission as a new applicant.  
A leave of absence will only be granted for two quarters if no course work has
yet been completed. A leave of absence is NOT required for those students who
do not attend summer quarter.

  
**Completion Requirements**

The requirements for the MBA or MS degrees must be completed within six years
of admission, including leaves of absence.

##### Add-Drop Policies

__

**Drop Policies**

Always check the **Academic Calendar** for the most current drop dates.  
Special drop policies apply to one-unit courses ([see section for
details](/business/graduates/academic/policies/#d.en.125674)).

**Tuition Refunds**

Refund schedule is found at the right of the page. The date on which a student
formally withdraws or drops a class will be the effective date on which any
refund of tuition will be determined, not the last date of attendance by the
student.  
Students who fail to drop a course, even if they do not attend, or fail to
notify the University of his/her intent to withdrawal, regardless of the
reason, will be responsible to pay all tuition and fee charges reflecting on
the account once the withdrawal/drop is processed. Informing your Dean,
academic department, or your instructor does not constitute withdrawal.

_SCU tuition insurance plan_

To protect yourself and your family against financial loss due to an
unexpected medical condition, please refer to the [Dewar's website for
information on the tuition insurance plan offered by
SCU.](http://collegerefund.com)

Refund of tuition will be calculated according to the following schedule:

  * 100% if course dropped by 5:00 pm on the Friday* of the first week of classes
  * 50% if course dropped by 5:00 pm on the Friday* of the second week of classes
  * 25% if course cropped by 5:00 pm on the Friday* of the third week of classes
  * No further refunds after the third week

**All dates/schedules are subject to change by the University, without
notice.**

_* Students without registration holds may have until 11:59 pm on Sunday, if
dropping courses via[eCampus](https://www.scu.edu/ecampus). Please note: the
University cannot be held responsible for website outages._

_Any association/course fee will not be refunded after the first week of the
quarter. The registration fee is non-refundable once initial registration is
made._

##### Dropping One-Unit Courses

__

**One-Unit Drop Policies**

To drop a one unit course, a student may drop the course during the first week
of the quarter. After the first week, a students may drop a one-unit course by
requesting in writing up until two days prior to the beginning of the course.
Up until two days before the course, a student is eligible for 100% tuition
refund (less any fees). If the drop occurs after this and on the first day of
class, a student is eligible for 50% tuition refund (less any fees). _**A
student is not eligible for a tuition refund if the drop occurs after the
first day of class.**_

**Leaves of Absence**

If a student must drop all of his/her courses in any given quarter, that
student must have a written request for a Leave of Absence on file in the
Graduate Business Programs office. Petition forms are available in the office.
Appropriate drop and program fees will be charged. Nonattendance in any
quarter, other than Summer, is cause for administrative discontinuation.

**Graduate Student Responsibilities**

It is the responsibility of each student to notify the Graduate Business
Program office of any changes regarding his/her: e-mail, address, phone
number, academic career changes, and all correspondence regarding 'incomplete'
and/or alternate course completion plans as arranged with any instructors.

Please contact the Graduate Business Programs Office at 408-554-5485 or your
Program Team, [mba@scu.edu](mailto:mba@scu.edu) or
[msprograms@scu.edu](mailto:msprograms@scu.edu)

##### Grading

__

The grading system is as follows:  
  

A = 4.0  | C+ = 2.3  
---|---  
A- = 3.7  | C = 2.0  
B+ = 3.3  | C- = 1.7  
B = 3.0  | F = 0.0  
B- = 2.7 |  
  
  
C-minus (C-) is the minimal passing grade. A grade of F is given for
performance that insufficiently demonstrates academic and professional
competence.

When a student repeats a course after failing to pass it on the first attempt,
the grade received on the second attempt shall replace the initial grade in
the calculation of the student’s GPA. A failed course may be repeated only
once. Both attempts are reflected on the student's transcript. A course
completed with a passing grade may not be repeated.

**Academic Standing**

To qualify for the MBA or MS degrees, a student must maintain an overall grade
point average (GPA) of at least 3.0 in all work taken in the Leavey School of
Business. A grade of C- is considered a minimum passing grade in each course.
A grade of F is considered a failing grade, and the units will not be counted
toward graduation requirements.

Students who have completed fewer than 18 units and whose cumulative GPA falls
below 2.8 will be placed on academic warning.

On completion of 18 units, students must maintain a 3.0 cumulative average or
be placed on academic probation. Once placed on probation, the student must
raise his/her cumulative GPA to the 3.0 level within the next two quarters of
attendance; otherwise, the student will be disqualified from the MBA or MS
degree program.

If course work for degree requirements has been completed and a GPA of 3.0 has
not been achieved, the student must raise the GPA to 3.0 by completing
additional course work at Santa Clara in order to graduate.

##### Holds

__

A hold (also known as a ‘service indicator’) is placed on a students account
to communicate important student information to various departments on campus.
Some holds are for informational purposes only, while others suppress
University services such as registration and the issuance of diplomas &
transcripts.

Here is a listing of holds a student may see on his/her account:

**Code** | **Description** | **Reason and Services Suppressed** | **Contact**  
---|---|---|---  
ADV  
  
  
  
| Advising | Holds registration. To Remove: Student needs to speak with their
faculty academic advisor. | Drahman Center 408-554-4918  
LPF  
  
  
| Late Payment Fee | Holds registration, transcripts & diplomas. Payment not
received by deadline.  
To Remove: Pay account balance, enroll in a payment plan or have qualified
anticipated financial aid reflecting on account. | Bursar Office  
408-554-4412  
NRF  
  
  
| No Refund | Student, Parent or Dept. has requested that a refund not be
granted. Usually associated with a payment plan or a pre-payment of tuition.  
To Remove: Must speak with the Bursar office. | Bursar Office  
408-554-4412  
PCL  
  
  
  
| Prior Collection | Holds registration. Student must pre-pay all enrollment
costs (tuition, housing, insurance, fees, etc) in guaranteed funds prior to
registering for each term.  
To Remove: Must pre-pay 3 consecutive term payments. Removal of hold is the
discretion of the Credit Counseling staff. | Credit Counseling  
408-554-4620  
PPL  
  
  
  
| Payment Plan | Student on AMS payment plan. Does not suppress any services.
| Bursar Office  
408-554-4412  
REM  
  
  
  
| Tuition Remission | Faculty/Staff tuition remission for qualified SCU
dependents and staff.  
Does not suppress any services. | Human Resources  
408-551-1934  
RGO  
  
  
| Cowell | Holds registration. Student has not submitted proof of insurance to
Cowell Health Center.  
To Remove: Must show proof of insurance or purchase SCU insurance. | Cowell
Health Center  
408-554-2379  
RTD  
  
  
  
| Reg/Trans/Diploma |

Holds registration, transcripts & diplomas. Usually associated with a past due
account balance or overdue parking fine.

To Remove: Must speak with Campus Safety or the Bursar office.

| Campus Safety  
408-554-4441  
or  
Bursar Office  
408-554-4412  
CCS  
  
  
  
| Credit Counseling Services | Holds registration, transcripts & diplomas.  
Account balance is extremely delinquent.  
To Remove: Must speak with Credit Counseling. | Credit Counseling  
408-554-4620  
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  

##### Honor Code

__

_Graduate business students at Santa Clara University shall acknowledge
receipt and review of the Honor Code by ensuring the Graduate Business
Programs office has a signed copy of his/her signature on the policy below._

As an institution of higher education rooted in the Jesuit tradition, Santa
Clara University is committed to creating and sustaining an environment that
facilitates students' academic, personal, and ethical development. This
commitment balances freedom of individual choice and expression with the
expectation that individual members of the community will:

  * Be honest
  * Demonstrate self-respect and respect for others
  * Demonstrate respect for the law and University policies, procedures, and standards

Engaging in any form of academic dishonesty, such as plagiarism (representing
the work or ideas of others as one's own without giving proper
acknowledgment), cheating (e.g., using unauthorized resources or assistance on
coursework, copying the work of another person, falsifying data, sabotaging
the work of others, and the unauthorized use of electronics, media, or data),
or other acts generally understood to be dishonest by faculty or students in
an academic context will subject the student to disciplinary action.Every
student is required to sign the honor code and adhere to its conditions.

**Academic Integrity**

The University is committed to academic excellence and integrity. It is the
student's responsibility to do his/her own work and to cite sources of
information, whether paraphrased or quoted. For assistance in identifying when
something should be cited, see, for example,
[www.plagiarism.org](http://www.plagiarism.org). In addition, course syllabi
commonly elaborate on the specifics of academic integrity appropriate for the
individual class.Final responsibility for assigning grades remains with the
instructor of the course. If the student wants to withdraw from the course but
the instructor's signature is required, the instructor is within his/her
rights to sign or decline to sign an approval of the withdrawal.

**LSB Academic Integrity Protocol**

The Leavey School of Business is committed to academic excellence and
integrity. Students are expected to do their own work and to cite any sources
they use. A student who is guilty of a dishonest act in an examination, paper,
or other work required for a course, or who assists others in such an act,
may, at the discretion of the instructor, receive a grade of "F" for the
course. In addition, a student found guilty of a dishonest act may be subject
to sanctions, up to and including dismissal from the University, as a result
of the student judicial process as described in the Graduate Business Programs
Bulletin. A student who violates copyright laws, including those covering the
copying of software programs, or who knowingly alters official academic
records from this or any other institution is subject to similar disciplinary
action.

**Allegations within the Context of a Course**

These procedures are intended to protect the integrity of the instructional
program and of student academic achievement. Any member of the Santa Clara
University community with a suspicion or evidence of academic dishonesty of
some kind as described in the Student Conduct Code (e.g., plagiarism,
falsification of data, misrepresentation of research, or the use of prohibited
materials during an examination, and other acts generally understood to be
dishonest by faculty or students in an academic context) may initiate an
allegation of student academic dishonesty. The following describes procedures
for resolution by due process.

If the allegation arises within the context of a course or academic
assignment, its resolution begins with the instructor responsible for that
course or assignment, who informs the student of the suspicion. If the
instructor judges on the basis of available evidence that an academic
violation has occurred, the instructor applies an academic sanction and
notifies the student of the reason for the academic sanction. The instructor
decides on the severity of the academic sanction (e.g., refusal to accept an
assignment, "F" on the particular assignment, or "F" for the entire course).
The instructor will report in writing to the department chair, to the Dean of
the Leavey School of Business (who may delegate this to the appropriate
administrative resource in the Leavey School of Business), and to the Office
of Student Life what violation of academic integrity has occurred and what
academic sanction has been applied. The Office of Student Life will pursue the
matter as a violation of the Student Conduct Code through the University
judicial process. This process is not intended to limit academic freedom.

**Appeal Process for Academic Sanctions**

If, after discussion with the instructor concerning the academic sanction
applied, the student wants to challenge the instructor's decision, the student
will contact the chair of the department in which the course is offered. If
the instructor is the department chair, then the appeal is made to the dean of
the school or college in which the course is offered or his/her designate, and
the dean or designate refers the case to the chair of a closely related
department.

The department chair hearing the appeal has the option to convene an ad hoc
panel if he or she believes that the complexity of the case warrants doing so.
The student suspected of committing academic dishonesty has the right to bring
a support person whose only role is to accompany the student to the hearing.
The panel will include two full-time faculty members from the department in
which the course was offered, one full-time faculty member from a closely
related department, and two students who are trained student judicial board
members. Staff in the Office of Student Life will arrange for the
participation of the student panel members. The charge of the panel is to
study all previously considered and newly developed evidence, review
statements of all parties concerned, interview all parties concerned, and make
a recommendation to the department chair.

The parties involved have the right to file an objection to the appointment of
a particular faculty member or student to the ad hoc panel. This objection
must be based upon a belief that the named faculty member or student is unable
to conduct an impartial evaluation and therefore will not review the case in
an impartial manner. The objection is filed with the chair hearing the appeal
who will make a ruling on this objection. If necessary, the chair will then
appoint a different faculty member or student.

After reviewing all relevant materials and information, including the
recommendation of the ad hoc panel when one is convened, the department chair
will consider all evidence available, confer with all parties concerned,
inform all parties of her or his recommendation regarding the alleged
violation, and report the recommendation to the student, to the Dean (who may
delegate this to the appropriate administrative resource in the Leavey School
of Business), and to the Office of Student Life. However, final responsibility
for assigning grades remains with the instructor of the course.Decisions may
only be appealed to one level above the instructor. All proceedings are
intended to be confidential.If the student wishes to withdraw from the course,
the instructor's approval is required for the withdrawal process. The
instructor may refuse to approve of the withdrawal and assign an appropriate
grade.

**University Judicial Process**

When the Office of Student Life receives the report, the assistant dean will
meet with the student to discuss the relevance of the violation to the Student
Conduct Code. Whether further judicial sanctions are applied or not, the
report of academic dishonesty will remain on file in the Office of Student
Life for the remainder of the student's enrollment at Santa Clara University.
The student involved has the right to include a statement as part of these
files.

If it is ruled that the student committed an academic integrity violation, the
Office of Student Life will administer a judicial sanction that would range
from a letter of warning to expulsion from the University. The severity of the
judicial sanction depends on the severity of the circumstances, including the
student's judicial history and previous academic integrity violations.

**Allegations Outside a Course**

If the allegation involves a situation outside the context of a course,
resolution begins with the Office of Student Life. The assistant dean will
confer with all parties concerned. After hearing all evidence and conducting
further investigation as needed, the assistant dean will either hear the case
or refer it to a judicial board in accordance with the University Judicial
Process. The outcome of the hearing will be communicated to those involved.

_September 2014_

##### Student Conduct Code

__

**Statement of Responsibilities and Standards of Conduct**

For the most current information on the student conduct code and all policies
and procedures regarding the student judicial system, please refer to the
Office of Student Life website at [www.scu.edu/studentlife/osl](/osl/student-
conduct/).

The goal of Santa Clara University is to provide students with a general
education so that they will acquire knowledge, skill, and wisdom to deal with
and contribute to contemporary society in constructive ways. As an institution
of higher education rooted in the Jesuit tradition, the University is
committed to creating and sustaining an environment that facilitates not only
academic development but also the personal and spiritual development of its
members. This commitment of the University encourages the greatest possible
degree of freedom for individual choice and expression, with the expectation
that individual members of the community will:

  * Be honest.
  * Demonstrate self-respect.
  * Demonstrate respect for others.
  * Demonstrate respect for the law and University policies, procedures, and standards; their administration; and the process for changing those laws, policies, procedures, and standards.

In keeping with this commitment, this Statement of Responsibilities and
Standards of Conduct and related policies and procedures have been formulated
to guarantee each student’s freedom to learn and to protect the fundamental
rights of others. There can be no rights and freedoms if all who claim them do
not recognize and respect the same rights and freedoms for others. In addition
to the laws of the nation, the state of California, and the local community,
the University administration has established policies, procedures, and
standards deemed necessary to achieve its objectives as a Catholic, Jesuit
university.

All members of the Santa Clara community are expected to conduct themselves in
a manner that is consistent with the goals of the institution and to
demonstrate respect for self, others, and their property. Students living off
campus are members of this community, and as such are representatives to the
community at large. In this regard, students living off campus maintain an
equal measure of accountability to the values and expectations of all members
of this community as identified in the Student Conduct Code.  
Whether living in or traversing through the neighborhood, or parking in the
street, students are expected to adhere to the same high standards of conduct
and behavior that are consistent with the students’ developing role as
responsible and accountable citizens, and that reflect well upon the Santa
Clara University community.

All members of the University community have a strong responsibility to
protect and maintain an academic climate in which the fundamental freedom to
learn can be enjoyed by all and where the rights and well-being of all members
of the community are protected. The University reserves the right to review
student conduct that occurs on and off campus when such behavior is
inconsistent with this expectation and the Student Conduct Code. The following
acts subject students to disciplinary action:

  1. Engaging in any form of academic dishonesty, such as plagiarism (representing the work or ideas of others as one’s own without giving proper acknowledgment), cheating (e.g., copying the work of another person, falsifying laboratory data, sabotaging the work of others), and other acts generally understood to be dishonest by faculty or students in an academic context. (Law students, refer to School of Law code.)
  2. Illegal use, possession, or distribution of drugs. The use or possession of equipment, products, or materials that are used or intended for use in manufacturing, growing, using, or distributing any drug or controlled substance. Possessing, concealing, storing, carrying, or using any drug paraphernalia as defined in California Health and Safety Code § 11364.5, including, but not limited to, objects intended for use or designed for use in ingesting, inhaling, or otherwise introducing marijuana, cocaine, hashish, or hashish oil into the human body. A reported violation of this section will result in the confiscation and immediate disposal of drugs and drug paraphernalia by University officials
  3. Falsification or misuse, including non-authentic, altered, or fraudulent misuse, of University records, permits, documents, communication equipment, or identification cards and government-issued documents
  4. Knowingly furnishing false or incomplete information to the University, a University official, or judicial hearing board in response to an authorized request
  5. Disorderly, lewd, indecent, or obscene conduct; excessive or prolonged noise; behavior that interferes with the orderly functioning of the University, or interferes with an individual’s pursuit of an education on University-owned or controlled property or during an authorized University class, field trip, seminar, competition or other meeting, or University-related activity
  6. Detention, physical abuse, or conduct that threatens imminent bodily harm or endangers the physical well-being of any person, including harm to self
  7. Nonconsensual physical contact of a sexual nature such as sexual misconduct, sexual assault, and rape
  8. Destruction, damage, or misuse of University property or the property of any other person or group
  9. Theft or conversion of University property or the property of any other person or group
  10. Hazing, harassing, threatening, degrading language or actions, including stalking, or any practice by a group or individual that degrades a student or employee, endangers health, jeopardizes personal safety, or interferes with an employee’s duties or with a student’s class attendance or a person’s educational pursuits
  11. Intentional obstruction or disruption of teaching, research, administration, disciplinary procedures, or other University activities; or obstruction or disruption that interferes with the freedom of movement, both pedestrian and vehicular
  12. Possessing, concealing, storing, carrying, or using any real or simulated weapons (including toy guns). The definition of weapons includes, but is not limited to, firearms (including BB/pellet, Airsoft, and paintball guns—regardless of whether they are disassembled), knives (switchblade, double-edged, hunting-style [fixed- blade] of any length, throwing, folding [pocket-style with a blade that locks into place], and knives with blades of 2.5 inches in length or greater), explosives (including, though not limited to, fireworks and firecrackers), ammunition, dangerous chemicals, or any other dangerous weapons or instruments, or chemicals as defined by, though not limited to, California State Law except if expressly authorized by University policy or procedure (see “Housing and Residence Life Policies” for information that pertains to Residence Life). A reported violation of this section will result in the immediate confiscation and disposal of real or simulated weapons by University officials
  13. Unauthorized entry into or use or defacement of University facilities, including residence halls and other buildings and grounds, including unauthorized entry into or presence in or on a University building; unauthorized erection or use on University property of any structures including specifically but not limited to tents, huts, gazebos, shelters, platforms, and public address systems; or unauthorized use of University property for dances, concerts, assemblies, meetings, sleeping, cooking, or eating if said activity interferes with the operation of the University or surrounding community
  14. Publication, posting, or distribution through the use of University resources (e.g., computer networks, telephone lines, e-mail services, Internet connections), or at authorized University activities of material that violates the law of libel, obscenity, postal regulations, the fair use of copyrighted materials, or any law or statute or University policy
  15. Failure to comply with a reasonable request or order of a University executive or other authorized official(s); refusal or failure to leave such premises because of conduct prescribed by this code when such conduct constitutes violations of this code or a danger to personal safety, property, or educational or other appropriate University activities on such premises; or refusal or failure to identify oneself when requested by a University official provided the official is identified and indicates legitimate reason for the request
  16. Possession, consumption, sale, or action under the influence of alcoholic beverages by persons under the age of 21; furnishing alcoholic beverages to persons under the age of 21; consumption of alcoholic beverages in a public place (all areas other than individual residences, private offices, and scheduled private functions); excessive and inappropriate use of alcoholic beverages (See also “Alcohol Policy Within the Residence Halls” on page 27)
  17. Misconduct in which a student is detained, arrested, cited, or otherwise charged with violations of local, state, or federal laws that materially or adversely affect the individual’s suitability as a member of the Santa Clara University community
  18. Tampering with, removing, damaging, or destroying fire extinguishers, fire alarm boxes, smoke or heat detectors, emergency call boxes, and other safety equipment anywhere on University property; creating a fire, safety, or health hazard; or failure to respond to fire alarms, evacuate buildings during alarm activation, or respond to the directions of emergency personnel
  19. Any behavior that disrupts or causes disruption of computer services; damages, alters, or destroys data or records; adversely affects computer software, programs, systems, or networks; or uses data, computer systems, or networks to devise or execute any scheme to defraud, deceive, extort, or wrongfully obtain money, property, or data

_Students who are alleged to have violated the Student Conduct Code may be
subject to disciplinary action and, if applicable, may also be subject to
criminal prosecution._

**Judicial Records Policy**

The Office of Student Life maintains a hard copy file and a digital record of
a student’s judicial history. Judicial records are educational records, and
are thereby subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
and the University’s Student Records Policy.  
The judicial record is confidential and is only shared internally with
University officials in instances when the student grants permission to
release the record, or there is what FERPA defines “an educational need to
know” basis for the request. The judicial record is maintained throughout the
student’s enrollment and thereafter as indicated below. A student’s judicial
record will only be released from the hard copy file to a person or party
external to the University if the student has granted permission, where the
disclosure of the record is permissible under the provisions of FERPA, or
where the University is required to do so by law. The digital copy of the
judicial record will only be released to an external person or party where the
University is required to do so by law.

**Retention of Hard Copy of Judicial Records**

  1. The hard copy file of a student’s entire judicial history is kept for a minimum of one academic year beyond the academic year in which the date of the last violation of the Student Conduct Code occurred. When a student commits a violation of academic integrity, the hard copy file is retained for the remainder of a student’s academic career.
  2. The files of any student who has received one or more of the following sanctions will be maintained for three academic years beyond the academic year in which the student’s tenure in his/her current degree program at the University has ended:  
  
Removal from University housing  
Disciplinary probation  
Deferred suspension  
Suspension  
  

  3. The judicial files of a student who has been expelled will be maintained for seven years beyond the academic year in which the student’s tenure at the University has ended.

The University reserves the right to change this policy at any time at its
sole discretion.

##### Waitlists

__

Waitlists determine priority for enrollment in closed classes as seats become
available. If you attempt to enroll in a class and it is full, most likely
there is a waitlist option available that you can select. **Please read this
entire page carefully so that you are familiar with the waitlist procedures.**

**PLEASE BE ADVISED** You will automatically be added to the class if a space
becomes available. Therefore, _**you are responsible** for dropping yourself
from the waitlist if you decide you do not want to be in the class_.

**ALL DROP FEES WILL APPLY** if you have forgotten to drop yourself and find
you have been officially enrolled in any class from a waitlist. Students are
not charged for waitlist status. Enrollment on a waitlist will not be
reflected on your financial statement, unless/until you are actually added to
the class.

**Please note:**

  * You will be automatically enrolled in the class if a space becomes available. You may check your eCampus enrollment status at any time to see if you have been officially added.
  * If there is a time conflict with another class you are enrolled in, the system cannot add you to the class, and you should not put yourself on the waitlist or anticipate entry into any class with a time conflict.
  * If you have already enrolled yourself into another section of the same class, the system cannot enroll you from the waitlisted section. This is considered multiple enrollment in the same class.
  * You must have met all course prerequisites for enrollment to be successful adding a class from a waitlist.
  * Your eCampus "VIEW MY SCHEDULE" will indicate your status as either waitlist or enrolled, and your place on the waitlist.

The waitlist process will run from the time a class first fills during
appointment registration until the first day of class, when all waitlists will
be purged from the system, and no further waitlist process will run for that
quarter.

Students must check course availability to make any last-minute changes to
their schedule through their own eCampus registration access.

**REMEMBER:**

  1. **eCampus cannot choose which class** you might want if you have a time conflict.
  2. If you have added yourself to a waitlist, you should **check your status and placement on eCampus and drop yourself from any conflicting courses** in order for the waitlist to successfully process further enrollment.
  3. **Students must make the determination to drop any conflicting course** or drop themselves from the waitlist to avoid automatic course enrollment.

Students should NOT approach instructors to gain entry into a closed class.
The limits are set by classroom capacity and _**no registration can be
processed in full classes other than through the waitlist process.**_

Please call the Graduate Business Programs office if you have questions:
408-554-5485

[Current Students Sections __](/business/graduate-degrees/)[Current
Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)

  * [Current Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)
  * [Academics](/business/graduates/academic/)
    * [Courses](/business/graduates/academic/courses/)
    * [Concentrations](/business/graduates/academic/concentrations/)
    * [Course Availability](/business/graduates/academic/course-availability/)
    * [Graduate Business Bulletins](/business/graduates/academic/bulletins/)
    * Policies
    * [Forms](/business/graduates/academic/forms/)
    * [Contact Graduate Business Programs Office](/business/graduates/academic/contact-graduate-business-programs-office/)
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/)
  * [Student Life](/business/graduates/student-life/)
  * [Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/)
  * [Calendar](/business/graduates/calendar/)
  * [Graduate Business Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/bulletin/graduate/leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [Graduates Home](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

