Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/alumni/profiles/dube/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Dube, Kayla

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/alumni/profiles/)
  5. Dube, Kayla 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-profiles/Dube---
AHP_3969-1-360x475.jpg)

Kayla Dube

#### Service Unit Manager NeuromusculoSkeletal Services and Physical Therapy

Kayla Dube earned her Accelerated MBA in 2015 and, while at SCU, served as a
member of the Council of Graduate Students in Business.

**Why did you choose SCU to further your education?**  
Growing up in the Bay Area, I knew that Santa Clara University was the college
to attend if you were going to be successful. After completing my degrees at
De Anza College and San Jose State University, I realized earning my MBA at
SCU in Silicon Valley added even more value than just the SCU name. The hustle
and bustle, entrepreneurial emphasis, and vast networks and opportunities,
sealed the deal that SCU was where I wanted to be.

**What attracted you to the Accelerated MBA (AMBA)?**  
I wanted a cohort environment. I wanted to experience the camaraderie and soak
in the knowledge of those around me. I could not be happier with my experience
so far.

Although some of the original cohort have left due to job and life changes,
each one of them have left a huge impact on me. We chat everyday—not
kidding—via Groupme. The cohort and our significant others are going to Tahoe
during winter break. We have played kickball games, held holiday parties,
birthday parties, and “Man Showers” (a baby shower for Dad), celebrated new
jobs, and designed cohort T-shirts and jackets—so much more than I expected.
This group has become my family.

**What challenges did you face in the program?**  
I think those around me were more nervous for me than I was for me. The idea
of working full-time, being a wife and mom of two, at 26, taking on an
ACCELERATED program at SCU, made people a little wary, but I thrive when
others are cautious. I knew that Santa Clara’s AMBA program was right where I
needed to be.

Being a working mom and being in AMBA was not much of a problem for me. I
balanced school and home and work. I tried to coordinate and be efficient,
stay organized and keep plugging along.

**What joys did you discover in the program?**  
The great thing about the AMBA program is the diverse coursework. I am happy
that I did not need to pick a concentration! I love learning all about
management. The best class obviously was our trip to Santiago, Chile, and
Buenos Aires, Argentina.

I like that business is general—I was attracted to the field for that reason
initially. The more I learn, the more intrigued I am with people’s minds and
business dealings—for example, customer analysis and employee motivations and
behaviors are fascinating!

**How has your career changed as a result of coming to Santa Clara?**  
When I applied for the AMBA program, I was an environmental services
supervisor for Kaiser Foundation Hospital, in my first role in a management
capacity, supervising more than 100 people. Hospital Operations was not
something I saw myself doing for the rest of my life, but I wanted to
experience everything there was to know about the hospital business.

Shortly after starting AMBA, I realized with my undergrad degree and my
management experience, I now had the opportunity to learn more at SCU, to put
it all together. I wanted to utilize what I had learned thus far and apply the
tools I gained in the AMBA towards something new. I was selective in seeking
my next venture, and I am glad I was. Currently I am the administrative
services supervisor for The Permanente Medical Group, overseeing staff in the
departments of Physical Therapy, Acupuncture, Orthopedics, Podiatry,
Neurology, Spine Surgery and Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. The more I
learn at Santa Clara, the more value I am adding to the Kaiser Permanente
organization. Now I impact seven departments and then some! I get to combine
my academics with work that I love, leading people.

**How do you think things will change for you once you've completed your
degree?**  
After I complete my degree I believe that my sense of accomplishment will
skyrocket. I also believe that attaining my MBA will open many doors for my
career. The sky is the limit.







[LSB Alumni Sections __](/business/alumni/)[LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)

  * [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  * [Alumni News](/business/alumni/news/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

