Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/alumni/profiles/hogan/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Hogan, John

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/alumni/profiles/)
  5. Hogan, John 

John Hogan

#### Founder & CEO, TeenForce

_The Lessons of Work:_   _Matching Teens & Foster Youth With Employers_

John Hogan’s eyes light up when he talks about the jobs he had as a teenager,
which he credits with shaping his life for the better. He particularly
remembers the thrill of working for Burger King.

“The registers kept track of how many dollars you’d rung up, who’s moving the
line the fastest, and the time per transaction,” he says. “There was a
competition to see who could do the best, and there was a lot of teamwork
involved in coordinating between the stations to get the orders placed and the
food up as quickly as possible. I just thought it was a tremendously valuable
experience.”

Those early jobs paved the way to a successful 24-year career in the mortgage
industry, culminating in an early retirement and an opportunity to take on a
new challenge. Thinking back on his formative first jobs, he decided he’d like
to do something that involved working with youths.

“My first thought was that I’d start a business that hired young people,” he
says. “But that would only have been helping a few kids at a time. Eventually,
I thought, why not start a business that would get everybody in town to hire a
kid?”

At the same time, Hogan decided to go back to school. He enrolled in the
Executive MBA program at Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of Business
from August of 2008 to December 2009, got the degree, and, as part of his
coursework, developed the business plan for what would become the nonprofit
TeenForce, which he describes as “Manpower for kids, if you will.”

“The first class in the program was the one where Manuel Velasquez talks about
the ethics and social implications of business behavior. That shows you Santa
Clara takes those issues seriously,” he says. “In another class I did a
consulting project with GSBI (Global Social Benefit Institute, housed within
Santa Clara’s Center for Science, Technology & Society) which was all about
social entrepreneurship and sustainable models for dealing with ‘bottom of the
pyramid’ problems. It was what I was thinking about, and I was very excited
about it.”

In the final MBA course, students were expected to develop a business plan.
The plan Hogan and three classmates did for a nonprofit that became TeenForce
was chosen best in the class, and the next year, with $50,000 of his own money
as seed capital, he got started on it.

In a few short years, TeenForce has established itself as a placement source
for a number of Silicon Valley firms, including many that aren’t typically
thought of as youth employers — Beshoff Motor Cars, El Camino Hospital, Hoge
Fenton, Jones & Appel law firm, Planet Orange pest control and the San Jose
Earthquakes soccer team, to name a few.

![MBA Alumni John Hogan Profile Photo](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/lsb-profiles/Hogan-IMG_3614-1-360x475.jpg)

Placement is accomplished through networking and helping businesses hire
youths in the TeenForce program to meet specific needs. For example, El Camino
Hospital relies on volunteers to staff certain desks, but can’t get them for
all shifts. TeenForce youths fill the gaps as paid workers.

And two thirds of the youths placed through TeenForce (which, despite its
name, deals with young people between the ages of 16-24) come from foster
homes, where they’re expected to be out and on their own between the ages of
18-21.

“Most of the kids can’t just go to a four-year school when they’re 18,” Hogan
says. “They need to take their education and career moves in smaller bites. As
an example, a young person making $10 an hour in a minimum wage job can take a
21-day course to become a security guard, which pays $12-14 an hour. That buys
them a little more flexibility to take other classes and develop other
skills.”

TeenForce derives its revenue from several sources: a premium that employers
pay for pre-screened youths referred by it; government and foundation funding;
and private contributions. The business plan calls for it to become self-
sustaining enough that each office needs only $25,000 a year in community
contributions to break even.

“If you’re putting almost a hundred kids in a community to work, raising
$25,000 a year is going to be no problem,” Hogan says.

TeenForce has been operating out of the Goodwill offices in San Jose, and just
received its first major foundation grant, $267,000 over two years from the
Walter S. Johnson foundation. It was recently approved for two government
grants, which will help open two new centers, one in Morgan Hill/South Santa
Clara County and the other in East Palo Alto.

Hogan feels the TeenForce concept can be replicated anywhere and hopes to see
it expand to many more locations. He sees it as being good for both businesses
and young people, and that’s the basis for what he tries to instill in the
youths at the TeenForce work-preparation class.

“I remind them that a particular job is like a driver’s license. It’s not a
right; it’s a privilege, and it’s something that’s earned every day, based on
performance.”

_  — Michael Wallace_

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

