Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/alumni/profiles/juarez/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Juarez, Martin

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/alumni/profiles/)
  5. Juarez, Martin 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/head-shots/Juarez---
AH4_8949-1-360x475.jpg)

Martin Juarez

#### Vice President of Operations

Martin Juarez, vice president of operations at Infoblox, can be counted among
the numbers of people in Silicon Valley who made the transition from
engineering to business, and he gives much of the credit to the MBA program at
Santa Clara University School of Business.

Juarez earned a degree in electrical engineering and computer science and
began a long career at Hewlett Packard. He started as an engineer, working on
products, and enjoyed the technical challenges, but soon found himself
fascinated by business challenges as well.

“I began to take interest in the business end,” he says. “I found I was pretty
good at leading teams and working with suppliers and customers, and I
eventually moved into management, working in HP’s Network Server Division.

“But as my responsibilities grew, I began to realize that some of my business
skills were lacking, and concluded that if I wished to advance further, I
should go back to school for a master’s degree in business.”

Juarez took a hard look at graduate business programs, seeking one that would
provide a first-rate education while meshing with his work and family life.
Santa Clara, with its Executive MBA program that caters to mid-career
professionals with classes on Fridays and Saturdays turned out to be the right
fit, and HP sponsored him for the program.

“I really liked that it was a cohort program,” he says. “All my classmates had
careers and were looking to enhance their toolbox with business-related
skills. The curriculum had a great deal of relevance to the issues faced by
Silicon Valley companies, and the faculty was reflective of the leaders of
Silicon Valley.

“And something else I really appreciated was the Jesuit value system with an
emphasis on ethics and giving back. I had enough work and life experience to
know that it’s not all about advancing in your career and making money. The
program fit with who I was.”

At Santa Clara, Juarez acquired detailed and technical business skills in
areas such as finance, negotiations, accounting, statistical modeling, and
managing a supply chain.

But in addition to the technical business education, he says the Leavey MBA
program taught a way of looking at issues and solving problems that has a
near-universal application.

“Santa Clara offers a very pragmatic program that gives a set of skills and a
perspective for solving problems collaboratively. You don’t graduate from
there with a Lone Ranger mentality.

“The program teaches you to see things from multiple dimensions. Sometimes
what seems like a technical problem can have its roots in an organizational
problem, which in turn is linked to a human relations issue. We were taught to
look at problems holistically and try to get to the root cause, and that it
takes the whole team to solve the problem. You can’t leave anyone out.”

Not long after Juarez earned his MBA, HP underwent a major restructuring and
offered employees financial incentives to leave. He’d been there long enough
to qualify and decided to move on and look for another position. That’s where
the network of people he’d gotten to know at Santa Clara became invaluable.

“We’d get together for lunch and talk,” Juarez says. “People would put in a
good word for you, give advice on how to interview at a certain company, help
you understand what a company’s culture is really like.

“There was a tremendous amount of information exchange about jobs opening up,
and you could get the real story about a company by talking to people who
either worked there or had a spouse who did. I also found that more than half
the interviews I got came from referrals.”

In 2012 Juarez was hired in the operations division of Infoblox, a rapidly
growing company that provides software and hardware to help businesses manage
their networks. He began as a supply-chain director (a subject Santa Clara is
known for teaching well), and when his boss left a year and a half later,
Juarez was named vice president of operations for the company.

The job requires him to work with a wide range of people to make sure the
supplies the company orders will work from an engineering, financial and
operational standpoint, which necessitates truly understanding the relevant
issues in each area.

His Santa Clara education, he says, has been “invaluable” in that regard.
“Companies move so fast these days that you and your team have to be able to
step back and analyze problems in multiple dimensions if you’re going to keep
your customers and investors happy.”  

[LSB Alumni Sections __](/business/alumni/)[LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)

  * [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  * [Alumni News](/business/alumni/news/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

