Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/alumni/profiles/mathur/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Mathur, Neeraj

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/alumni/profiles/)
  5. Mathur, Neeraj 

![MBA/MSIS Alumnus Neeraj Mathur Profile Photo](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/lsb-profiles/Mathur---AHP_5922-1-360x475.jpg)

Neeraj Mathur

#### Product Management & UX Lead

Many recognize the phrase “you get what you give,” understanding that the
effort given often pays off in the end. Neeraj Mathur, a “double Bronco,” gave
his all to Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of Business while earning
two degrees – his master’s in information systems (MSIS) (’08) and his MBA
(’10). Now leading Product Management and User Experience at Bluebox, a mobile
data security startup in San Francisco, he has no trouble describing the ways
Santa Clara reciprocated the dedication to his education, influencing both his
personal and professional life.

Neeraj began his journey at Santa Clara in the MSIS program to advance his
technical career as a rising software engineer. However, during the program
his employer moved him into more managerial roles. As his career veered away
from technology and toward management, and he started his own business on the
side, Neeraj realized he needed more extensive business knowledge, and decided
to finish his MSIS then start his MBA.

While earning his two degrees, Neeraj dedicated extra-curricular time to SCU.
During his MSIS program, his technical background prompted him to look for a
way to connect technology with business. Consequently, he founded the IS
Connexion – a network for graduate students that bridges the gap between
“technologists and business folks” at the Leavey School of Business. He
planned events for IS Connexion, attended events put on by other groups, and
stayed late to enjoy drinks and share ideas at The Hut with his peers. Even as
an alumnus he stays actively involved, attending lunches with other MBA alums,
and keeping in touch with the Leavey School of Business. “I have almost never
declined a request to participate in anything, whether it comes from a
professor or the business school staff. There is an urge to give back that
comes from being a part of Santa Clara.”

While staying involved is important to Neeraj, he does admit it takes a lot of
effort. “Because of that,” he says, “you have to make the best use of your
time while you’re here.” Neeraj spent much time networking, and there is no
doubt in his mind that the effort paid off. “For a lot of people networking is
all about finding the next job or having access to a potential customer, or
sale, or what have you,” he said. “I look at networking very differently. For
me it is a set of people who are experts in their domain, and therefore I have
access to a library of information I can tap into, as and when needed.”

You might wonder what motivates Neeraj to stay involved at the Leavey School
of Business; the answer is simple: “There is a sense of belonging here. Santa
Clara has fostered a community where I feel I belong.” It’s no wonder he can’t
get enough. In a place where he consistently finds himself valued why would he
stay away? “I have walked away with a few very interesting things that I value
besides the sense of belonging,” Neeraj commented. “First, the people. Once
you go through a program, especially through Capstone – and I went through two
– you make life-long relationships. And second, the knowledge. One of the
advantages that people don’t realize when they come to Santa Clara is the
professors have real-life experience; you are learning from people who have
lived through what they are teaching and now you get to benefit from their
successes and failures.”

The sense of belonging, personal connections, and knowledge gained are not the
only things that Neeraj appreciates about the Leavey School of Business. The
time he spent here allowed him to meet his goals of being a better educated
person with the knowledge and skills to advance his career.  He was awarded
the Dean’s Leadership Award, an acknowledgement that he is very proud of.
“Both the MSIS and the MBA programs allowed me to hone my leadership skills,
which I believe I need now more than ever,” he explained.  “We were also
exposed to a different way of looking at problems and coming up with
innovative ways to solve those problems. Santa Clara provided the tools to
make sure we don’t make the same mistakes as others.”

Contributing something that makes the world a better place is often a goal of
many but gets overlooked. Santa Clara brought that idea back to the forefront
of Neeraj’s mind, “My personal philosophy isn’t just about building something
that will make me money. It’s about making sure that what I provide adds value
– for business as well as people.” Ethics often get overshadowed in business
as well. The Leavey School of Business’ focus on ethics inspired Neeraj to
make ethics an integral part of the way he does business. “I firmly believe
people don’t do what you ask or tell them to do. They do what you do. So
making ethical business decisions and modeling that behavior is hugely
important,” Neeraj explained. “So is understanding the impact of the decisions
you are making on your environment, not just customers and partners, but the
larger global environment, while at the same time knowing how it will affect
the lives of your employees and their families.”

When asked how the Leavey School of Business influenced him, Neeraj had many
things to say. “My experiences at Santa Clara have allowed me to be a better
human being, in addition to fueling my entrepreneurial spirit.”

_  — Ali Reimer_

[LSB Alumni Sections __](/business/alumni/)[LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)

  * [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  * [Alumni News](/business/alumni/news/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

