Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/alumni/profiles/oliver/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Oliver, Jason

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/alumni/profiles/)
  5. Oliver, Jason 

![Jason Oliver MBA '14](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-
profiles/JO14-even-mba-j-oliver-horiz-crop-360x475.jpg)

Jason Oliver

#### Data Scientist

Jason Oliver, MBA ‘14, says his best days include “family, classic cars,
decent coffee, and some BB King on the radio,” and in a recent Q&A, the new
alumnus described how earning his degree from Santa Clara University’s Evening
MBA program made these days after graduation even better.

**1\. Tell us a little bit about your background and what led you to think
about earning an MBA?**  
I come from a research background. More specifically, pre-clinical drug
development for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The scientific method
has always intrigued me; creating a hypothesis, testing it, and driving
decisions based on the findings. It’s all really neat stuff in my opinion. In
many ways, business is driven by a similar process. Determine what will work
well for your customer, test this approach, and refine it to drive revenue. I
chose to pursue an MBA in order to couple my scientific background with a
formal business understanding. Ultimately, I wanted to make a transition out
of science and into a more collaborative marketing role. The MBA was an
important tool in enabling this career transition.  
  
**2\. What attracted you to Santa Clara in particular?**  
My first experience with SCU’s business program was meeting face-to-face with
a representative of the MBA Admissions staff. We spent 30 to 40 minutes
discussing my questions and concerns and developed a game plan to move forward
with applications, and so on. This sort of personalized attention was the
first sign (of many) that assured me that my concerns were important as a
student and a person. With this experience, combined with SCU’s existing
reputation in ethics and the employment of top-notch educators, I was
confident that I was in the right place.

**3\. Why did you ultimately choose the Evening MBA program?**  
Deciding to attend SCU’s Evening program was a simple economic decision for
me. Before applying to B-school, I did a lot of thinking about whether a
fulltime or part-time program would better fit my needs. In the end, I chose
Santa Clara’s Evening MBA program based on the perceived ROI it offered. The
Evening MBA allowed me to continue in my research role while attending classes
(not sacrifice two and three years of salary), Santa Clara’s location was
convenient for me geographically, and the total program cost was very
competitive as far as B-school tuitions go. When I factored in all of these
variables, attending Santa Clara’s Evening program was a pretty
straightforward decision.

**4\. What is most memorable about the program? What kind of
experiences—inside and outside the classroom—were most significant for your
education and your growth as a professional?**  
The biggest asset for any MBA program is the people. The relationships
developed throughout Santa Clara’s program will continue to be important to me
long into the future. B-school is about much more than simply learning the
content in the classroom. The network building, informal advice sessions from
your favorite professor, impromptu coffee trips, it’s all part of the
experience and it’s all important in its own way.

**5\. What was the most surprising aspect of the program?**  
B-school is a juggling act. Balancing a life, a family, a career, and the
demands of a graduate program can be tough. I didn’t anticipate the degree at
which life would change when I began attending classes. The first quarter of
B-school required a pretty significant learning curve in regards to
prioritizing and time-management. It does get better however, especially as
you meet like-minded folks and begin to get comfortable with the course load
and other demands on your time.

**6\. How has your career changed as a result of coming to Santa Clara?**  
Six months out of the MBA program, my career has changed dramatically. Shortly
after graduating, I was offered a role that has enabled me to combine my
scientific background with my MBA as a data scientist. I now support data
driven marketing decisions for a Fortune 500 company. The MBA provided the
necessary business understanding I needed to make this transition and it
continues to be a valuable asset as I work through complicated business
scenarios on a regular basis. I set out to make this transition when I
enrolled in B-school and it certainly would not have been possible without the
addition of my MBA.

**7\. What advice would you give to young professionals thinking about earning
a graduate degree?**  
Go ahead and get the ball rolling. Pick up that GMAT Prep book or enroll in a
calculus course. A subscription to the Wall Street Journal is also a good
start in getting a regular feel for business and current events. At the end of
the day, a series of consistent small steps are just as good as one big step.
If you’re trying to figure out if an MBA is right for you, start with a small
step. Worst case scenario, you determine that an MBA may not be a great fit.
Even in this case, you’ve learned something and you’ve benefitted from the
process.  
  

_  — Ali Reimer_

[LSB Alumni Sections __](/business/alumni/)[LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)

  * [LSB Alumni](/business/alumni/)
  * [Alumni News](/business/alumni/news/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

