Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/academics/courses/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Undergraduate Courses

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  5. Undergraduate Courses 

All courses offered by the Accounting Department are listed below.

However, not all of the below are taught every quarter. Visit the [accounting
course availability](/business/accounting/academics/availability/) page to see
which courses are currently being offered.

##### 5 : Personal Financial Planning

__

Overview of the tools and information necessary for personal business decision
making. Includes analysis of financial services, credit and borrowing, taxes,
compensation planning, consumer purchases, housing decisions, the time value
of money, savings, and investments. (4 units)



##### 11 : Introduction to Financial Accounting

__

Overview of the role of financial information in economic decision-making.
Includes topics such as the dissemination of accounting information and its
impact on capital markets and the analysis of corporate annual reports.
Coverage of financial statements and their use in determining profitability
and the financial condition of a business entity. Prerequisites: This course
is restricted to Business Majors only. Must be a second year student or
higher, and have completed BUSN 70 or BUSN 170. Seniors who have not completed
BUSN 70 may take this class with department permission on a space-available
basis. Note: It is highly recommended that all Business Majors take this
course in fall or winter quarter of their sophomore year.

##### 12 : Introduction to Managerial Accounting

__

Introduction to the role of financial information in the decision-making of
business managers. The objective is to investigate the use of business data in
typical managerial functions such as planning, control, and making operational
decisions. Prerequisite: ACTG 11. (4 units)

##### 20 : Recording Financial Transactions

__

Insight into the basic principles and mechanics behind the preparation of
financial statements. Focus is on the accounting model, accrual versus cash
accounting, and the accounting processing cycle. Prerequisites: ACTG 11 and
must have 70 completed units or department’s permission prior to enrollment.
Course may not be taken before spring quarter of the sophomore year. For fall
and winter enrollment, students must be concurrently enrolled in ACTG 130. (2
units)



##### 130 : Intermediate Financial Accounting I

__

An in-depth study of the concepts underlying external financial reporting,
along with expanded coverage of basic financial statements. Detailed analysis
of the measurement and reporting of current assets, operational assets, and
investments, including the treatment of related revenues and expenses.
Significant attention is given to income statement presentation and revenue
recognition. Prerequisites: Open to business majors only. ACTG 12 and 20 and
must have 96 completed units, or departmernt's permission prior to enrollment.
(ACTG 20 may be taken concurrently.)

##### 131: Intermediate Financial Accounting II

__

Intensive analysis of generally accepted accounting principles as applied to
accounting for liabilities, stockholders’ equity, and the statement of cash
flows. Accounting for income taxes, pensions, leases, and the reporting of
corporate earnings per share. Prerequisite: Open to business majors only. ACTG
130. (5 units)



##### 132 : Advanced Financial Accounting

__

The main subject is accounting for business combinations, and the
consolidation of financial statements of a parent company and its
subsidiaries. A broad spectrum of financial reporting issues in the context of
consolidated financial statements is examined. The course also covers
partnership accounting and other advanced financial accounting topics.
Prerequisite: ACTG 131.

##### 134 : Accounting Information Systems

__

Introduction to procedures by which accounting data is captured, processed,
and communicated in computerized information systems. The course describes the
ways that accounting information systems are designed, used, and maintained by
accounting professionals with an emphasis on the internal controls over such
systems. Prerequisites: Open to business majors only. ACTG 11 and 12. (ACTG 12
may be taken concurrently.) (5 units)



##### 135 : Auditing

__

Introduction to the basic concepts of auditing. Discussion of applicable
regulations, the audit risk model, and client risk assessment. Focus is on an
overview of the audit process. Auditors' professional and ethical
responsibilities, sampling, and historical cases will also be discussed.
Prerequisite: Open to business majors only. ACTG 131. (ACTG 131 may be taken
concurrently.) (5 units)

##### 136 : Cost Accounting

__

Analysis of cost accounting with a strategic emphasis. Selected topics include
process costing, activity-based costing, variance analysis, joint cost
allocations, and the Theory of Constraints. Prerequisite: Open to business
majors only. ACTG 130. (5 units)

##### 138 : Tax Planning and Business Decisions

__

A basic introduction to the tax treatment of transactions and events affecting
both individuals and businesses and the conceptual framework underlying
taxation. Includes issues of importance for successful tax planning with an
emphasis on income and expense recognition, individual taxation, and property
transactions. Assumes no prior knowledge of the tax law. Prerequisites: Open
to business majors only. ACTG 11 and 12. (ACTG 12 may be taken concurrently.)
(5 units)

##### 144: Accounting Ethics

__

This course is designed with a particular focus on the roles and ethical
responsibilities of the accounting, auditing, and tax professions; ethical
behavior by management; and the legal guidelines that address behavior in a
business setting. Prerequisites: Open to business majors only. ACTG 11 and 12,
and either PHIL 26 or MGMT 6. This course must be taken for a letter grade. (5
units)



##### 150 : Financial Fraud: Detection and Investigation

__

Forensic accounting deals with the application of accounting methods to legal
problems, and comprises investigative accounting and litigation support
activities. Investigative accounting (usually referred to as fraud accounting)
refers to the role of the accountant in determining the existence and extent
of asset misappropriation and/or financial statement fraud. Litigation support
activities include those professional services provided by accountants to
attorneys in support of civil or criminal litigation. In addition to examining
both aspects of forensic accounting, the legal system and the role of the
forensic accountant as an expert witness will be discussed. Prerequisite: Open
to business majors only. ACTG 131. (5 units)



##### 155 : Financial Information Systems

__

Course focuses on computer-based financial information systems that allow
finance and accounting professionals to acquire and manage a company’s
financial system. Topics include the business functions of a financial
information system, the technical aspects of the system, and the management
issues of implementing such a system. Students will acquire hands-on
experience using ERP systems. Students who receive credit for OMIS 150 may not
take this course for credit. Also listed as OMIS 150. Prerequisites: OMIS 30
or 31, and OMIS 105. (5 units)

##### 161 : Junior Contemporary Business Seminar Series I

__

A series of seminars covering topics pertinent to those pursuing a
professional accounting career. Students are required to attend sessions with
the course instructor, attend seminars sponsored by the Department of
Accounting, or choose additional acceptable seminars and presentations offered
throughout the University. Prerequisites: Open to accounting and accounting
and information systems majors only. ACTG 12 and 20. (ACTG 20 may be taken
concurrently.) (2 units)

##### 162 : Junior Contemporary Business Seminar Series II

__

A series of seminars covering topics pertinent to those pursuing a
professional accounting career. Students are required to attend sessions with
the course instructor, attend seminars sponsored by the Department of
Accounting, or choose additional acceptable seminars and presentations offered
throughout the University. Prerequisites: Open to accounting and accounting
and information systems majors only. ACTG 12 and 20. (ACTG 20 may be taken
concurrently.) (2 units)

##### 171 : Senior Contemporary Business Seminar Series I

__

A series of seminars covering topics pertinent to those pursuing a
professional accounting career. Students are required to attend sessions with
the course instructor, attend seminars sponsored by the Department of
Accounting, or choose additional acceptable seminars and presentations offered
throughout the University. Prerequisite: Open only to senior-declared
accounting and accounting and information systems majors. (2 units)

##### 172 : Senior Contemporary Business Seminar Series II

__

A series of seminars covering topics pertinent to those pursuing a
professional accounting career. Students are required to attend sessions with
the course instructor, attend seminars sponsored by the Department of
Accounting, or choose additional acceptable seminars and presentations offered
throughout the University. Prerequisite: Open only to senior-declared
accounting and accounting and information systems majors. (2 units)

##### 191 : Peer Educator in Accounting

__

Work closely with the department to help students in core accounting classes,
understand course material, think more deeply about the material, and feel
less anxious about testing situations. Prerequisites: Declared accounting
major and permission of instructor and chair required prior to enrollment. (1
or 2 units)

##### 194 : Accounting Case Analysis

__

A practicum in which students form teams, research accounting issues, present
the results of their research, and explain their research recommendations
before a panel of judges. This course may be repeated for credit.
Prerequisite: Enrollment is by permission of the department chair. (1 or 2
units)

##### 197 : Special Topics in Accounting

__

Offered occasionally to introduce new topics not covered by existing
electives. Consult quarterly schedule of classes for description.
Prerequisite: ACTG 131. (2–5 units)

##### 198 : Accounting Internship

__

Opportunity for upper-division students to work in local accounting or
corporate firms. Two written reports and the employer’s evaluation of the
student’s work will be required. This course may be repeated for credit
depending on nature of assignment. Prerequisites: Declared accounting major
and permission of instructor and chair. (2–5 units per quarter, up to a
maximum of 10 units)

##### 199 : Directed Reading/Directed Research

__

Independent projects undertaken by upper-division students with a faculty
sponsor. Prerequisites: Declared accounting major and permission of instructor
and chair. (1–5 units)

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
    * Undergraduate Courses
    * [Undergraduate Course Availability](/business/accounting/academics/availability/)
    * [Graduate Courses & Availability](/business/accounting/academics/graduate-courses-and-availability/)
    * [Certificate Program](/business/caap/)
    * [Advising](/business/accounting/academics/advising/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

