Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Academic Programs

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. Academic Programs 

The finance major at Santa Clara University will prepare you for success in
making and managing financial decisions.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Control-
Room-360x240.jpg)

You will learn not only the theory of finance, but the practice of finance in
the real world. We will teach you how to apply the skills you learn to meet
the ever-increasing complexity and demands of today's industry. Keeping with
the university's Jesuit tradition, as a finance major you will examine how
ethics and finance shape each other; and the role you, as a future business
leader, will play in this process.

You can also minor in Real Estate through the finance department. Real estate
is critical in maintaining the economic vitality of Silicon Valley and
improving the standard of living. With an increasing need for accommodation of
both residential and commercial real estate services for young generations,
new home buyers, entrepreneurs, and immigrants, Silicon Valley is confronted
with the challenge of offering affordable housing and support for social
facilities and organizations - challenges that can only be solved with the
resources and competence of the real estate industry. Real estate minor
provides undergraduate students from across the university opportunities to
develop fundamental skills that can help them create and lead real estate
companies to tackle these challenges.  
  

## Major Requirements

All students wishing to major in finance through the Leavey School of Business
must complete both the [University core curriculum
requirements](/provost/core/ "Home » Home » Office of the Provost » Core
Curriculum") and the [Leavey School of Business core
requirements](/business/undergraduates/academics/lsb-core-curriculum/ "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics » LSB Core
Curriculum") for the bachelor of science in commerce. In addition, students
must complete the following departmental requirements:

**Course** | **Units** | **Description**  
---|---|---  
FNCE 124 | 5 Units | Investments  
FNCE 125 | 5 Units | Corporate Financial Policy  
4 upper-division economics electives |   | Excluding FNCE 118, 127, and 129  
  
## Real Estate Minor

The finance department also offers a minor in real estate for both business
majors and non-business majors at the University. This program supports
undergraduate students from across the University as they explore and develop
fundamental skills that can help them create and lead real estate companies.

The real estate minor has the following requirements:

##### Real Estate Minor Requirements

__

  * FNCE 118 - _Prerequesites: 88+ units (junior/senior standing) or ACTG 11 (business majors) / ACTG 11A (non-business majors)_
  * Four courses from: 
    * FNCE 127, 128, 129, 143
    * ECON 156
    * ENVS 128

**Non-business students** minoring in real estate must also complete the
following requirements as prerequisites  for the finance real estate
electives:

  * FNCE 121
  * ACTG 11A (non-business majors)
  * BUSN 70 or BUSN 170

*Note for finance majors: FNCE 118, 127 and 129 will _not_ meet upper division elective requirements for the finance major.

**Where can I learn about these courses?**

  * [Finance Course Descriptions](https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/courses/)

  * [Finance Course Availability](https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/availability/)

**What can I do with this degree?**

  * [Finance Careers](/business/finance/careers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Finance » Careers")

**Who will be teaching me?**

Explore the finance professors:  

  * [Finance Faculty](https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/faculty/)

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * Academic Programs
    * [Undergraduate Courses](/business/finance/academics/courses/)
    * [Undergraduate Course Availability](/business/finance/academics/availability/)
    * [Graduate Courses & Availability](/business/finance/academics/graduate-courses-and-availability/)
    * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/finance/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

