Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/courses/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Undergraduate Courses

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
  5. Undergraduate Courses 

All courses offered by the Finance Department are listed below.

However, not all of the below are taught every quarter. Visit the [finance
course availability](/business/finance/academics/availability/ "Home » Home »
Leavey School of Business » Finance » Academic Programs » Undergraduate Course
Availability") page to see which courses are currently being offered.

#### Finance Specific Courses:

##### 115\. Quantitative Methods for Finance

__

**The goal of this course is to teach finance majors the most important
quantitative tools they will need for the finance curriculum. Students will
learn to (1) comprehend important concepts, techniques, and tools used in
mathematics and statistics that are relevant for modern finance; (2)
understand where these tools are applied in practice; and (3) learn widely-
used software to implement these techniques. The course goal is to make sure
that all finance majors reach a baseline level of competence in various
quantitative methods, and is especially intended for those students who fear
math, yet have a desire to come to grips with it. A previous math course
(e.g., MATH 31 or the MATH 11 and 12 sequence) is strongly recommended.
Prerequisites: FNCE 121. (5 units)**

##### 116 : Mathematical Finance

__

**Introduction to Ito calculus and stochastic differential equations; discrete
lattice models; models for the movement of stock and bond prices using
Brownian motion and Poisson processes; pricing models for equity and bond
options via Black-Scholes and its variants; optimal portfolio allocation.
Solution techniques will include Monte Carlo and finite difference methods.
Prerequisites: Either FNCE 115 or MATH 122 or AMTH 108. MATH 53 or permission
of the instructor is required if FNCE 115 has not been taken. Cross-listed
with MATH 125 and AMTH 367. (5 units)**

##### 121 : Financial Management

__

**Introduction to the basic concepts of financial risk and return, the
valuation of uncertain future cash flows, working capital and fixed asset
management, and cost of capital. Topics include time value of money, financial
analysis and forecasting, valuing corporate securities (stocks and bonds),
capital budgeting, short- and long-term financing, and cash management.
Prerequisites: OMIS 40, ACTG 11 and proficiency with spreadsheets. (5 units)**

##### 121S : Financial Management

__

**Introduction to the basic concepts of financial risk and return, the
valuation of uncertain future cash flows, working capital and fixed asset
management, and cost of capital. Topics include time value of money, financial
analysis and forecasting, valuing corporate securities (stocks and bonds),
capital budgeting, short- and long-term financing, and cash management.
Prerequisites: Restricted to students in the Leavey Scholars Program. OMIS 40,
ACTG 11, and proficiency with spreadsheets. (5 units)**

##### 124 : Investments

__

**Introduction to the nature and functions of securities markets and financial
instruments. The formulation of investment goals and policies, trading
strategies, and portfolio management. Coverage of security analysis and
valuation, evaluating portfolio performance, diversification, alternative
investments. Prerequisite: FNCE 121 or 121S. (5 units)**

##### 125\. Corporate Financial Policy

__

**In-depth examination of the interrelationships between corporate investment
and financing decisions and their impact on a firm’s pattern of cash flows,
return, and risk. Special emphasis on the development of analytical techniques
and skills for analyzing performance reflected in financial statements. Case
studies are used. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 126\. Money and Capital Markets

__

**Examines the role and function of financial institutions, financial flows,
and interest rate structures in the money and capital markets. Viewed
primarily from the perspective of a corporate issuer, explores the mechanisms
by which value is created by financial markets, the roles of players in the
system, the securities in each market, the flows of information, and the
design and incentive features that manage risk in a practical manner. Common
themes and concepts will be developed by the exploration of a new market in
each class, examining a corporate issuer’s funding alternatives, and
incorporating current news events. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, FNCE 124,
and FNCE 125. (5 units)**

##### 128\. Real Estate Finance

__

**Exploration of the real estate market, including investments in residential
and commercial real estate by individuals, partnerships, and trusts. Emphasis
is on the valuation and cash flow analysis of these projects and an
understanding of financing alternatives. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and
FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 130\. Ethics and Finance

__

**Exploration of the ethical dimension of financial markets. Each week focuses
on a different job function (investment manager, research analyst, trader,
fund manager, corporate controller, bank officer, etc.) and explores the
intersection between legal responsibility and ethical action. Topics include
fiduciary responsibility, insider trading, moral hazard, agency, predatory
lending, and financial market regulations concerning disclosure, price
manipulation, suitability, etc. Current news items and regulatory activity
will be incorporated in weekly discussions. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S,
and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 132\. Financial Derivatives

__

**Provides an introduction to financial derivative securities, the markets in
which they trade, their applications, and valuation frameworks. Securities
such as equity calls/puts, forwards/futures, structured products, and fixed
income derivatives will be covered. An underlying theme of the course will be
valuation using dynamic replication. Applications will cover the use of
derivatives in global corporate settings as well as in financial institutions
and services. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 134\. Fixed Income Securities

__

**Provides an introduction to fixed income by covering the valuation and
application of a range of fixed-income securities and credit derivatives. The
main objective is to provide a foundation in the basic concepts and
mathematics of these securities and their applications, holistically as it
pertains to a means to (1) formulate investment strategies, (2) immunize
investment portfolios, and (3) hedge attendant risks. Students will be able to
describe basic features, pricing, and mathematics (duration and convexity) of
fixed-income securities, model risk and return in fixed-income securities,
describe basic similarities and differences in the deaures and bond
mathematics for plain-vanilla versus more complex fixed-income securities, and
describe and price basic credit derivatives and structured credit products.
Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 135\. Applied Portfolio Management

__

**Designed to provide a highly rigorous and analytic framework for applied
work in investments and portfolio management. Students who master the course
material will acquire the analytical tools and financial theory necessary to
make rational investment decisions and understand the paradigms by which
investment portfolios are managed. The coursework involves an analysis of
contemporary theories and techniques in portfolio management available to
professional portfolio managers. Significant literature that emphasizes the
role of the modern portfolio manager in achieving diversification and client
investment goals is reviewed and evaluated. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S,
FNCE 124, and OMIS 41. (5 units)**

##### 141\. New Venture Finance

__

**Describes the financing environment for young companies and studies how the
private equity market functions. Students will learn how investment funds are
structured, investment contracts are written, and understand the economics of
different private equity models work. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and
FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 143\. Entrepreneurial Finance

__

**Covers topics that are directly relevant to entrepreneurs, defined broadly
to include all early employees in addition to founders, who are evaluating,
communicating, and implementing new business opportunities. This course
focuses on the start-up phase with an emphasis on venture-backed companies.
The three main sections of the course are: Types of Businesses (primarily
lecture and project-based), Financial Models (primarily project-based), and
Investment Terms (primarily lecture-based). Types of Businesses covers the
three types of entrepreneurs: lifestyle entrepreneurs, wealth-building
entrepreneurs, and innovating entrepreneurs, along economic foundations that
distinguish the three types of entrepreneurship. Financial Models covers the
creation and uses of financial projection: revenue, costs, and profits/losses.
Investment Terms covers the way investments in start-up companies are
generally structured. In all three sections, we will discuss the human biases
that often distort entrepreneurial efforts, along with strategies to recognize
and avoid the more costly. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5
units)**

##### 146\. Introduction to Risk Management

__

**Introduction to financial risk management through its major components:
credit, market, operational, legal, and reputational. Also addresses
technology tools to manage risk and the role data governance and environmental
policy play in risk management. Students who master the material will acquire
an understanding of the major areas of risk exposure that all organizations,
both public and private, face in operating in today’s complex global
marketplace. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 148\. Risk Management and Insurance

__

**Survey of general principles of risk management. Risk management uses many
tools to avoid, reduce, or offset the financial penalty of risks. The course
will cover types of insurance, financial instruments used to “insure” a
portfolio, credit default swaps, etc.  The course will address the risk
management function across the firm. The role of the chief financial officer
(CFO) or vice president of finance as the risk management officer will be
examined. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 149\. Financial Institutions and Services

__

**Analyzes the management of financial institutions and the role of financial
services and institutions in the financing/restructuring of industry and
government, and facilitating saving and investment. Topics such as
asset/liability management, regulatory constraints, liquidity and credit risk
considerations, financing and securitization, and off-balance sheet activities
are discussed. Macro issues such as financial system stability, information
flows, and regulatory capital are also covered. Ethical issues faced by
financial industry professionals are considered. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or
121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 151\. International Finance

__

**Examination of the functioning of the international monetary system, foreign
exchange markets, and the financial problems of business firms operating
internationally. Topics covered include hedging exchange rates and interest
rates, international investment and financing, financial markets, banking, and
financial management. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5
units)**

##### 155\. Family Business Financial Management

__

**Explores critical issues in the financial management and corporate
governance of family businesses. Students will read, analyze, and discuss
cases that covers a broad range of topics in family businesses, including
corporate governance issues, valuations, capital structure choices, capital-
raising decisions, and liquidation methods. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S,
and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 170\. Business Valuation

__

**Practical valuation tools for valuing a company and its securities.
Valuation techniques covered include discounted cash-flow analysis, estimated
cost of capital (cost of equity, cost of debt, and weighted average cost of
capital), market multiples, free-cash flow, and pro-forma models.
Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 172\. Corporate Treasury Management

__

**Provides a comprehensive review of the corporate treasury function,
including payment systems, cash forecasting, working capital metrics and
management, capital structure decisions and capital markets, long-term and
capital investments, risk management (primarily foreign exchange and interest
rate risk), clearing and settlements, and treasury systems, and the regulatory
and legal environment for corporate treasurers and CFOs. Prerequisites: FNCE
121 or 121S, and FNCE 124. (5 units)**

##### 174\. Mergers and Acquisitions

__

**A study of corporate governance and corporate restructurings. Emphasis on
how corporate ownership, control, and organizational structures affect firm
value. Other topics may include valuing merger candidates, agency theory, and
takeover regulation. This course generally places a heavy emphasis on case
projects and/or class presentations. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, FNCE
124, and FNCE 125. (5 units)**

##### 186\. Applying Financial Models to Financial Data

__

**This course introduces students to various financial databases, accessing
data from these databases, and analyzing data using quantitative techniques.
Students will explore Bloomberg, Compustat, CRSP, Mergent/Investext, EDGAR,
and other online sources such as Yahoo Finance. Downloaded data will be
managed in Excel and analyzed using a variety of features that Excel offers,
especially its Data Analysis Toolpak, as well as other analytical software.
Course assignments focus on current financial events, as students access and
analyze data to answer questions related to these events. Prerequisites: FNCE
121 or 121S, FNCE 124, and FNCE 125 (or permission of instructor). (5 units)**

##### 191\. Peer Educators in Finance

__

**Peer educators in Finance work closely with a faculty member to help
students in a course understand course material, think more deeply about
course material, benefit from collaborative learning, feel less anxious about
testing situations, and/or to help students enjoy learning. Enrollment is by
permission of the instructor. (1 or 2 units)**

##### 198\. Internship

__

**Opportunity for selected upper-division students to work in companies and
nonprofit organizations. Prerequisites: Finance major, junior or senior
standing, successful completion of FNCE 121 or FNCE 121S, and permission of
instructor and chair required one week prior to registration. Anything less
than 5 units will not count toward major requirements. (1–5 units)**

##### 199\. Directed Reading/Directed Research

__

**Independent projects undertaken by upper-division students with a faculty
sponsor. Independent studies are normally permitted only under special
circumstances. Prerequisites: Declared finance major, junior or senior
standing and a written proposal must be approved by instructor and chair one
week prior to registration. (1–5 units)**

#### Real Estate Specific Courses:

##### 118\. Real Estate Principles

__

**A foundational course that provides students with a general overview of real
estate and practical applications of the material. The course covers a broad
range of topics including the historical and legal basis of regulations and
customs that govern real estate today, real estate service industries, real
estate market analysis, the principles in real estate transactions, and the
unique characteristics of real estate as an investment asset class. The course
will lay a solid foundation for students to pursue specific areas in greater
depth through more focused courses in the future.  This course does not
satisfy an upper-division elective for finance majors and is not included when
calculating the finance major GPA. Prerequisites: 88+ units (junior/senior
standing) or ACTG 11. (5 units)**

##### 127\. Introduction to Real Estate Transactions

__

**This course uses real-life investments as a comprehensive means of exploring
all phases of the real estate investment life cycle, from identifying
potential transactions, examining various valuation methods, conducting due
diligence, determining financing alternatives, implementing property
management strategies, and analyzing disposition timing. Students will explore
various types of real estate investments: multi-family, office, hotel, and
ground-up development. This course does not satisfy an upper-division elective
for finance majors and is not included when calculating the finance major GPA.
Prerequisite: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE 118. (5 unit)**

##### 129\. Real Estate Development

__

**Examines the complex and interdisciplinary process of real estate
development, including conceptual planning, feasibility studies, financing,
legal documentation, and project management. Explores ways that developers
mitigate risks throughout the development process. Describes different types
of commercial real estate products and the roles of key players in today’s
real estate profession. Students will also gain exposure to the ethical issues
frequently encountered in real estate development. This course does not
satisfy an upper-division elective for finance majors and is not included when
calculating the finance major GPA. Prerequisites: FNCE 121 or 121S, and FNCE
118. (5 units)**

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
    * Undergraduate Courses
    * [Undergraduate Course Availability](/business/finance/academics/availability/)
    * [Graduate Courses & Availability](/business/finance/academics/graduate-courses-and-availability/)
    * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/finance/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

