Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/academics/courses/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Undergraduate Courses

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  5. Undergraduate Courses 

All courses offered by the Management & Entrepreneurship Department are listed
below.

However, not all of the below are taught every quarter. Visit the [management
course availability](/business/management/academics/availability/ "Home » Home
» Leavey School of Business » Management & Entrepreneurship » Academic
Programs » Undergraduate Course Availability") page to see which courses are
currently being offered.

Lower Division Courses

##### 6: Business Ethics

__

A normative inquiry into the ethical issues that arise in business and how
they should be managed. Attention is given to current moral issues in
business, to ethical theories and their implications for these issues, and to
the managerial implications. Topics may include truth in advertising,
corporate social responsibility, affirmative action, government regulation of
business, quality of work-life, environmental and resource issues, and ethical
codes of conduct. Students who take PHIL 26 may not take this course for
credit. (4 units)

##### 6H: Business Ethics

__

Honors section. A normative inquiry into the ethical issues that arise in
business and how they should be managed. Attention is given to current moral
issues in business, to ethical theories and their implications for these
issues, and to the managerial implications. Topics may include truth in
advertising, corporate social responsibility, affirmative action, government
regulation of business, quality of work-life, environmental and resource
issues, and ethical codes of conduct. Students who take PHIL 26 may not take
this course for credit. Prerequisite: Enrollment restricted to students in the
University Honors or Leavey Scholars programs. (4 units)

##### 40: Foundational Knowledge of Managing for Sustainability

__

This course examines the foundational knowledge required of individuals who
seek to effectively manage organizations meet the triple bottom line: social,
economic, and environmental sustainability. Students will learn the concepts
critical for understanding sustainability from biological, economic, and
social perspectives. (2 units)

##### 41: Foundational Skills of Managing for Sustainability

__

This course reviews and teaches students the foundational skills required of
individuals who seek to effectively manage organizations meet the triple
bottom line: social, economic, and environmental sustainability. (2 units)

##### 42: Leading from the Triple Bottom Line

__

The focus of this 4-unit course is the successful application of the required
knowledge and skills found to be necessary for professionals to successfully
advance sustainability in organizations and communities. (4 units)

##### 80: Global and Cultural Environment of Business

__

An examination of the basic conceptual vocabulary and theories regarding the
economic, political, and social influences on international business today.
Topics may include international trade, financial systems, political
institutions, cultural factors, corporate structure, and market entry.
Students who take this class may not receive credit for MGMT 80L taken in the
Santa Clara London Program, or any equivalent course taken in a study abroad
program. Prerequisites: BUSN 70 or 170, and ECON 3. (4 units)

Upper Division Courses

##### 160: Management of Organizations

__

Introduction to organization theory and practice with an emphasis on
organizational behavior, inclusive of the contexts of the individual, the
group, and the organization as a whole. Prerequisite: Students must have
completed 60 units. (5 units)

##### 160S: Management of Organizations

__

Introduction to organization theory and practice with an emphasis on
organizational behavior, inclusive of the contexts of the individual, the
group, and the organization as a whole. Prerequisites: Open only to students
in the Leavey Scholars Program. Students must have completed 60 units. (5
units)

##### 162: Strategic Analysis- The Business Capstone

__

Focuses on the processes by which managers position their businesses or assets
to maximize long-term profits in the face of uncertainty, rapid change, and
competition. Covers various frameworks for analyzing an industry’s structure
and a firm’s competitive position, and for developing a coherent, viable, and
defensible firm strategy. Requires students to integrate and extend the
knowledge and skills that they have developed throughout their coursework
(i.e., marketing, finance, economics, organizational behavior, ethics,
information systems, statistical analysis, operations management, accounting,
etc.) into a “total” business perspective. Prerequisites: ECON 41 and 42 or
OMIS 41; FNCE 121 or 121S; MGMT 80, 160, or 160S; MKTG 181 or 181S; and senior
standing. (5 units)

##### 162S: Strategic Analysis- The Business Capstone

__

Focuses on the processes by which managers position their businesses or assets
to maximize long-term profits in the face of uncertainty, rapid change, and
competition. Covers various frameworks for analyzing an industry’s structure
and a firm’s competitive position and for developing a coherent, viable, and
defensible firm strategy. Requires students to integrate and extend the
knowledge and skills that they have developed throughout their coursework
(i.e., marketing, finance, economics, organizational behavior, ethics,
information systems, statistical analysis, operations management, accounting,
etc.) into a “total” business perspective. Enrollment restricted to students
in the Leavey Scholars Program. Prerequisites: ECON 41 and 42 or OMIS 41; FNCE
121 or 121S; MGMT 80, 160, or 160S; MKTG 181 or 181S; senior standing; and a
minimum 3.5 cumulative GPA. (5 units)

##### 164: Introduction to Entrepreneurship

__

The practice of business innovation and entrepreneurship with an emphasis on
assessing needs, developing products or services, and communicating ideas.
Prerequisites: ACTG 11 and MKTG 181. (5 units)

##### 165: Building a Business

__

Extends notions of entrepreneurship to building a viable business by focusing
on developing business plans and identifying opportunities for growth.
Prerequisite: MGMT 164. (5 units)

##### 166: Human Resource Management

__

Comprehensive review of the role and functions of human resource management
departments in business organizations, with particular emphasis on selection
and placement, training and development, and compensation systems.
Prerequisite: MGMT 160 or 160S, or permission of instructor. (5 units)

##### 169: Business and Public Policy

__

The impact of public policy on business and how businesses adapt to and
influence public policies. Includes ideology, corporate social responsibility,
government regulations, and business political activity. Lectures/discussions;
case analyses. (5 units)

##### 170: International Managment

__

The international framework for trade and international investment, a critical
discussion of the idea of globalization, the design and staffing of
multinational organizational structures, and multinational strategies.
Prerequisite: MGMT 80. MGMT 160 or 160S recommended. (5 units)

##### 171: Managerial Communication

__

Interpersonal and small-group communication. Negotiating behavior. Oral and
written communication. Integrates theory and skill-building through reading,
case analysis, and practice. Prerequisite: MGMT 160 or 160S, or permission of
instructor. (5 units)

##### 172: Social Entrepreneurship

__

This course focuses on emerging models of enterprise at the interface of the
public, private, and nonprofit sectors. It examines theories of change and the
dynamics of social innovation and develops both conceptual and practical tools
for creating high performance organizations that are capable of addressing
seemingly intractable problems in a financially sustainable manner. Analysis
of exemplary social business ventures, including alumni cases from the Global
Social Benefit Incubator, will illustrate how the discipline of business
planning can contribute the development of social ventures that are
economically viable at scale. Students will apply this knowledge to the
writing and analysis of a case on an actual social business. Prerequisite:
Students must have completed 87.5 units. (5 units)

##### 173: Resources, Food, and the Environment

__

Exploration of relationship among food production, resource use, and the
environment. Topics include biotechnology, the green revolution, resource
depletion, environmental degradation, and food safety. Also listed as ECON
101. (5 units)

##### 174: Social Psychology of Leadership

__

A conceptual framework for understanding leadership and opportunities for
developing leadership skills. This interactive course requires personal
reflection into leadership experiences and fieldwork with executives. Note:
This course is required for those completing the Leadership Studies
Certificate Program. Prerequisite: Students must have completed 87.5 units. (5
units)

##### 175: Managing Family Businesses

__

Issues include managerial and ownership succession, conflicts between family
and nonfamily members, and conflicts between family and business cultures.
Students will apply organizational behavior concepts to family business issues
and develop a useful framework for analyzing and anticipating those issues.
Class design incorporates cases, videos, and guest speakers. Prerequisite:
MGMT 160 or 160S. (5 units)

##### 177: Globalization and the Cultures of Innovation and Entrepreneurship

__

This course introduces students to the skills, practices, and processes for
understanding and managing innovation and entrepreneurship activities that
span cultures throughout the world. These cultural challenges include
developing a deep understanding of the needs of customers in emerging markets,
producing goods and services with global teams, and outsourcing manufacturing
operations. (5 units)

##### 179: Project Management

__

Students will learn how to plan and manage a project. The course covers
methods for creating a work breakdown structure and project schedule;
estimating a project’s budget; and managing a project’s quality, schedule, and
financial targets. Course activities include a project management computer
simulation, and a directed team project that connects the students with a
practicing project manager for applying the methods learned. Much of the
course materials will be based on the Project Management Institute’s (PMI)
Body of Knowledge, which is used for PMI certification. This course can be a
first step toward certification. Prerequisite: MGMT 160 or 160S, or permission
of the instructor. (5 units)

##### 180: Negotiation Skills in Business

__

We negotiate every day, at work, and in our personal lives. The overall goal
of this course is to create a learning community where we can all improve our
understanding of both the art and the science of negotiation. By learning
about the research-based theories of negotiation, students will gain analytic
skills in understanding negotiation principles. In preparing for the role
plays assigned, students will practice selecting appropriate negotiation
strategies for different contexts. By practicing negotiation in a number of
different behavioral simulations, and reflecting critically on simulation
outcomes, students will gain practical skills in influencing others to secure
productive agreements through negotiation. Prerequisite: MGMT 160, may be
taken concurrently with instructor permission. (5 units)

##### 181: Conscientious Capitalism

__

The foundation of Conscientious Capitalism is: “To lead others, I will first
learn to lead myself.”  This course is designed to inspire and teach students
about the role of Purpose, Virtue, Intentionality, Tenacity, and
Accountability in their leadership journey. The course uses three distinct but
related activities to achieve this goal. Nationally renowned business,
military, and civic leaders share the experiences and challenges that shaped
them, their careers, and major decisions. The goal of having iconic leaders
share with honesty and vulnerability is to inspire students to do the same in
this course and their lives. Harvard Business School cases give students the
opportunity to learn from the most critical business and policy decisions of
our times. Putting students in the role of decision-maker challenges them to
understand the complexity of decision making and leadership, and begins to
train them for their careers post SCU. Leadership Development Teams (LDTs) are
small mentored groups. The goal is for students to explore and share their
authentic selves and develop the courage to live as their authentic selves in
their careers and lives. Note: Evidence of a student’s ambition to make an
impact in his or her own life is  having the hunger and maturity to pursue the
journey of self-awareness, authenticity, and courageous action. (5 units)

##### 197: Special Topics in Management

__

Offered occasionally to introduce new topics not covered by existing
electives. Topics generally reflect the research interests of the faculty
teaching the course. Prerequisite: MGMT 160 or 160S. (5 units)

##### 198: Internship/Practicum

__

Opportunity for selected upper-division students to work in local
organizations. Prerequisites: MGMT 160 or 160S, and two courses from the
following list: MGMT 166, 169, 170, 171, 172, 173, 174, 175, 177. Students
must have completed 60 units and have the approval of the undergraduate
committee one week prior to registration. (1–5 units)

##### 198E: Entrepreneurship Internship

__

An extended opportunity for students accepted into the entrepreneurship minor
program to apply their entrepreneurial knowledge and skills in emerging or
growing companies through a structured placement in Silicon Valley.
Prerequisites: MGMT 164 and must have a declared entrepreneurship minor. MGMT
165 may be taken concurrently. (5 units)

##### 199: Directed Reading/Directed Research

__

Independent projects undertaken by upper-division students with a faculty
sponsor. Prerequisites: MGMT 160 or 160S, and a written proposal must be
approved by instructor and chair one week prior to registration. (1–5 units)

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
    * Undergraduate Courses
    * [Undergraduate Course Availability](/business/management/academics/availability/)
    * [Graduate Courses & Availability](/business/management/academics/graduate-courses-and-availability/)
    * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

