Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/faculty/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Faculty and Staff

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. Faculty and Staff 

#####  Contact Us

Management & Entrepreneurship Department: Lucas Hall - Floor 2

408-554-4469  
[management@scu.edu](mailto:management@scu.edu)

### Academic Faculty

[![Professor of Management and Director of FAI Greg Baker Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Baker---
IMG_6717-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/baker/)

Naumes Family Professor of Management;  
Executive Director, CFIE

[Greg Baker](/business/management/faculty/baker/)

[![Dean of the Leavey School of Business and Professor of Management Caryn
Beck-Dudley Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Beck-
Dudley-AH4_1042-A-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/beck-dudley/)

Dean,  
Professor of Management

[Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/management/faculty/beck-dudley/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Screen-
Shot-2018-11-02-at-3.29.07-PM.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/bhargava/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Vikram Bhargava](/business/management/faculty/bhargava/)

[![Assistant Professor of Management Bob Eberhart head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/eberhart-pref-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/eberhart/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Robert Eberhart](/business/management/faculty/eberhart/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/GriffithSmallTower-360x328.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/griffith/)

Professor, Management

[Terri Griffith](/business/management/faculty/griffith/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Kashkooli---
AHP_7465-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/kashkooli/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Keyvan Kashkooli](/business/management/faculty/kashkooli/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/LuShaohua-2-200x200.JPG)Image
link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/lu/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Shaohua Lu](/business/management/faculty/lu/)

[![Associate Professor of Management Tammy Madsen Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Madsen-3782web-2-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/madsen/)

Professor, Management

[Tammy Madsen](/business/management/faculty/madsen/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/kelly_pattersonDONJ5530-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/patterson/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Kelly Patterson](/business/management/faculty/patterson/)

[![Accolti Professor of Leadership Barry Posner Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Posner-197-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/posner/)

Accolti Professor of Leadership

[Barry Z. Posner](/business/management/faculty/posner/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/JL160919_4121_0015_Jo-
EllenPozner-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/pozner/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Jo-Ellen Pozner](/business/management/faculty/pozner/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Michael_SantoroDONJ4462-for-
web-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/santoro/)

Professor, Management

[Michael Santoro](/business/management/faculty/santoro/)

[![Charles J. Dirksen Professor of Management Manuel Velasquez Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Velasquez---
IMG_7345-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/velasquez/)

Department Chair,  
Charles J. Dirksen Professor, Management  

[Manuel Velasquez](/business/management/faculty/velasquez/)

[![Associate Professor of Management Jennifer Woolley Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Woolley---
MG_0154-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/woolley/)

Associate Professor, Management

[Jennifer L. Woolley](/business/management/faculty/woolley/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/IMG_2449-200x200.jpg)Image
link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/xing/)

Assistant Professor, Management

[Adele Xing](/business/management/faculty/xing/)

### Adjunct Faculty

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/aa-pref--
AHP_7305-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/brock/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Phyllis Brock](/business/management/faculty/brock/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/head-shots/Bunger-
Feb-2016-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/bunger/)

Dean's Executive Professor

[Tanya Bunger](/business/management/faculty/bunger/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Caffey-
_MG_1010-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/caffey/)

Professor of Practice, Management

[Jack Caffey](/business/management/faculty/caffey/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/flatt/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Management

[Sylvia Flatt](/business/management/faculty/flatt/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/aa-pref---
Gordon-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/gordon/)

Lecturer, Management

[Francine Gordon](/business/management/faculty/gordon/)

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/harris/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Tim Harris](/business/management/faculty/harris/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Mike-Holubar-
bio4SCU-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/holubar/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Mike Holubar](/business/management/faculty/holubar/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/jacobus-
headshot-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/jacobus/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Laura Jacobus](/business/management/faculty/jacobus/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/JL160919_4128_0028_FionaJi-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/ji/)

Lecturer, Management

[Fiona Ji](/business/management/faculty/ji/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Johnson_Christina-2017-DONJ5479-web-200x200.jpg)Image link
to full profile](/business/management/faculty/johnson-c/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Christina Johnson](/business/management/faculty/johnson-c/)

[![Adjunct faculty member Michael Klein](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/head-shots/Klien1.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/klein/)

Adjunct Lecturer

[Michael Klein](/business/management/faculty/klein/)

[![Lecturer of Management Long Le Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Le---AHP_7324-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/le/)

Lecturer, Management  
Director, International Business Minor

[Long S. Le](/business/management/faculty/le/)

[![Assistant Professor of Management Nydia MacGregor Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/MacGregor---fall-2008-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/management/faculty/macgregor/)

Lecturer, Management  
Faculty Director, MBA Programs & Alumni Engagement

[Nydia MacGregor](/business/management/faculty/macgregor/)

[![Professor of Practice in Management Darrell Mank Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/management/Mank---AHP_7356-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/mank/)

Lecturer, Management

[Darrel A. Mank](/business/management/faculty/mank/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Piderit_Sandy-2017-DONJ4447-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/management/faculty/piderit/)

Lecturer, Management

[Sandy Piderit](/business/management/faculty/piderit/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/powers/)

Professor of Practice, Management

[Elizabeth Powers](/business/management/faculty/powers/)

### Emeriti Faculty

[![Stephen and Patricia Schott Professor of Management David Caldwell Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/caldwell-019_19A-200x200.JPG)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/caldwell/)

Emeritus

[David Caldwell](/business/management/faculty/caldwell/)

[![Professor of Management James Koch Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Koch-IMG_7629-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/management/faculty/koch/)

Emeritus

[James L. Koch](/business/management/faculty/koch/)

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/leidecker/)

Emeritus

[Joel Leidecker](/business/management/faculty/leidecker/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/pref-013_13-200x200.JPG)Image
link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/moberg/)

Emeritus

[Dennis Moberg](/business/management/faculty/moberg/)

### Staff

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/head-shots/Dow-
SQ-200x200.jpg)Image link to full profile](/business/management/faculty/dow/)

Senior Administrative Assistant, Management

[Nicole Dow](/business/management/faculty/dow/)

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * Faculty and Staff
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

### In the News

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

