Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/academics/courses/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofEconomics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Undergraduate Courses

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Economics](/business/economics/)
  4. [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
  5. Undergraduate Courses 

Courses Offered by the Economics Department

Not all courses are taught every quarter. Visit the [economics course
availability](/business/economics/academics/availability/ "Home » Home »
Leavey School of Business » Economics » Academic Programs » Undergraduate
Course Availability") page to see which courses are currently being offered.

##### 1 : Principles of Microeconomics

__

Introduction to microeconomics and its applications to business decisions and
public policy. Topics include supply, demand, and the coordinating role of
prices in a market economy; the behavior of business firms, including output
and pricing decisions; competition and monopoly; government policies and
regulations affecting markets. (4 Units)

#####  1 E : Principles of Microeconomics

__

Special section of ECON 1 emphasizing environmental applications of economics.
Introduction to microeconomics and its applications to business decisions and
public policy. Topics include supply, demand, and the coordinating role of
prices in a market economy; the behavior of business firms, including output
and pricing decisions; competition and monopoly; government policies and
regulations affecting markets. (4 units)

#####  2 : Principles of Macroeconomics

__

Determinants of national income and product in the long run and short run;
inflation, unemployment, and business cycles; monetary and fiscal policies;
and economic growth. Prerequisite: ECON 1. (4 units)

##### 3 : International Economics, Development, and Growth

__

Analysis of international trade theory and policy, balance-of-payments
adjustments and exchange-rate regimes, and economic development.
Prerequisites: ECON 1 and 2. (4 units)

#####  3H : International Economics,Development & Growth:Honors

__

Honors section. Analysis of international trade theory and policy, balance-of-
payments adjustments and exchange-rate regimes, and economic development.
Prerequisites: ECON 1 and 2. Must be in the University Honors Program or
Leavey Scholars Program, or have permission of instructor. (4 units)

##### 41 : Data Analysis & Econometrics

__

Introduction to statistical methods for analyzing economic data. Emphasis on
applications of multiple regression and establishing causality in
observational data. Prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in ECON 1 and 2,
and MATH 11 or 30, and MATH 8 or OMIS 40 or equivalent. Economics majors only,
or by permission of instructor. Must enroll simultaneously in ECON 42. (4
units)

##### 42 : Data Analysis Applications

__

Hands-on course in obtaining and analyzing data using statistical software.
Prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in ECON 1 and 2, and MATH 11 or 30, and
MATH 8 or OMIS 40 or equivalent. Economics majors only, or by permission of
instructor. Must enroll simultaneously in ECON 41. (2 units)

##### 43: Data Wrangling & Visualization

__

Data acquisition, manipulation, and visualization using statistical software,
with hands-on applications to economics. Prerequisites: Grade of C- or better
in ECON 41 and 42; or OMIS 30, 40, and 41. (2 units)

All upper division courses offered by the Economics Department are listed
below.

Prerequisites: Unless otherwise noted, a grade of C− or better in ECON 1, 2,
and 3 is required for all upper-division economics courses.

#####  101 : Resources, Food, and the Environment

__

Exploration of the relationship among food production, resource use, and the
environment. Topics include biotechnology, the green revolution, resource
depletion, environmental degradation, and food safety. _Also listed as MGMT
173._ Prerequisite: None. (5 units)

##### 111 : Economics of the Environment

__

Economic analysis of environmental issues and government policies for
environmental protection. Applications to important environmental issues, such
as global climate change, water and air pollution, hazardous wastes,
biodiversity, and endangered species. Prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in
ECON 1. (5 units)

##### 113 : Intermediate Microeconomics I

__

Theory of rational individual choice and its applications to decision making,
consumer demand, and social welfare; and economics of uncertainty and
information. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in MATH 11 or
30. (5 units)

#####  114 : Intermediate Microeconomics II

__

Theory of the firm; determination of price and quantity by profit-maximizing
firms under different market structures; strategic behavior; general
equilibrium; market failure and government policies. Additional prerequisites:
A grade of C− or better in the following courses: ECON 113 and MATH 11 or 30.
(5 units)

##### 115 : Intermediate Macroeconomics

__

Macroeconomic analysis, emphasizing modern economic models for explaining
output, employment, and inflation in the short and long run. Macroeconomic
policymaking, including fiscal and monetary policy. Additional prerequisite: A
grade of C− or better in MATH 11 or 30\. (5 units)

##### 120 : Economics of the Public Sector

__

Microeconomic analysis of the role of government in the market economy. Supply
of public goods and services, government’s role in controlling externalities
and regulating private industry, and the economics of the political process.
(5 units)

#####  122 : Money & Banking

__

Theoretical, institutional, and historical approach to the study of money and
banking, with particular emphasis on the relationship between the monetary and
banking system and the rest of the economy. (5 units)

##### 126 : Economics and Law

__

Economic analysis of law and legal institutions focusing on the common law
areas of property, contracts, and torts. (5 units)

##### 129 : Economic Development

__

Causes and consequences of economic growth and poverty in less developed
countries; analysis of the role of government policies in economic
development. (5 units)

##### 134 : African Economic Development

__

Examination of the economic development of sub-Saharan African countries, with
particular emphasis on the relationships between economic growth and their
social, political, and economic structures. _Additional prerequisites:_ A
grade of C− or better in ECON 41 and 42, or by permission of instructor. (5
units)

##### 135 : Gender Issues in the Developing World

__

Explores the gendered nature of poverty in the developing world, with special
focus on sub-Saharan Africa, using applied statistical analysis, and economic
theory. Also listed as WGST 121. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or
better in _ECON 41 and 42 or permission of instructor._ (5 units)

##### 136 : 20th-Century Economic History

__

The development of the U.S. economy during the 20th century. Topics include
the causes and consequences of economic growth, the Great Depression, the rise
of government regulation, the changing role of women in the workforce, and the
increasing internationalization of markets during the postwar period.
Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON 115. (5 units)

##### 137 : World Economic History

__

Development of Western and non-Western economies since the late 19th century.
Topics include globalization and economic integration, convergence and
divergence in economic growth across countries, international monetary
systems, and the impact of alternative policies and institutional regimes on
economic performance. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON
115 _or permission of instructor._ (5 units)

##### 138 : History of Economic Thought

__

Origins and evolution of economic ideas in their historical and philosophical
context. Emphasis on the theories of Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and Karl Marx,
as well as the emergence of modern microeconomics and macroeconomics in the
19th and 20th centuries. (5 units)

##### 139 : American Economic History

__

Macroeconomic history of the United States since 1869.  Productivity,
economic growth, inflation, and recession in the US from the end of the Civil
War to the present.   Particular emphasis on the Great Depression and the
Great Recession.  Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON
115. (5 units)"

##### 142 Economics of Sports

__

Tools of economic analysis applied to sports in pursuit of broader lessons and
insights. Topics will include labor market discrimination, cartel theory,
cognitive biases, strategy, labor unions, public policy, and profit
maximization. The overriding objective is to use the observability of sports
to help us understand economic decision-making in non-sports environments.
_Additional prerequisites: A grade of C– or better in ECON 41, 42, 113, and
114._ (5 units)

##### 150 : Labor Economics

__

This course covers topics related to the labor market including theory of
labor supply and demand, determination of wages and employment in the labor
market, human capital theory, income inequality, unemployment, and labor
market discrimination. The course will cover basic institutional background
and statistics on each issue, and develop economic models important to the
evaluation of each topic. Applications to policy issues including minimum
wage, negative income tax, unionization, and unemployment insurance. Emphasis
on data analysis and empirical methods applied to the labor market.
_Additional prerequisites: A grade of C_ − _or better in ECON 113 and ECON 41
and 42._ (5 units)

##### 160 : The Economics of Poverty and Inequality

__

Examines theories and evidence regarding poverty and economic inequality in
the United States. Evaluates alternative public policies aimed at combating
poverty. (5 units)

##### 165 : Economics and Justice

__

Study of theories of economic justice with applications to economic issues and
policy. Alternative theories to be considered include utilitarian,
libertarian, welfare-economic, egalitarian, feminist, and religious moral
perspectives. Topics include poverty and income distribution; economic
inequality and mobility by class, gender, and race; the role of the government
in promoting justice; effects of globalization; and justice under different
economic systems. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON
113. (5 units)

##### 166 : Race, Ethnicity, and Gender in the U.S. Economy

__

Analysis of current and historical differences in economic status by race,
ethnicity, and gender; theory and evidence of discrimination; role of
government policies. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON
41 and 42. (5 units)

##### 170 : Mathematical Economics: Static Optimization

__

The standard classical models of microeconomic and macroeconomic theory are
generalized and reformulated as mathematical systems. The primary goal of the
course is to extract empirically testable propositions that would permit
testing model veracity. Linear algebra and the tools of calculus including
power series, the implicit function theorem, envelope theorems, and duality
are used as the basis of analysis. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or
better in MATH 11 or 30, and MATH 12 or 31, and ECON 113, or permission of
instructor. (5 units)

##### 171 : Mathematical Economics: Dynamic Optimization

__

The course will discuss the mathematical tools needed to analyze dynamic
situations in economics. Applications to optimal decision-making over time
with respect to natural resource allocations, manufacturing and storage paths,
consumption/investment decisions, and stability of economic systems are
discussed. Topics include optimal control, dynamic programming and calculus of
variations. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in MATH 11 or
30, and MATH 12 or 31, and ECON 113, or permission of instructor. (5 units)

##### 172 : Game Theory

__

This course introduces game theoretical concepts and tools. Theoretical topics
include Nash equilibrium, Subgame perfection, Bayesian-Nash equilibrium,
Harsanyi transformation, commitment, and Perfect Bayesian Equilibrium.
Applications to topics such as oligopoly, strategic investment, and agency
theory are discussed. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in
MATH 11 or 30, and MATH 12 or 31, and ECON 113, or permission of instructor.
(5 units)

#####  173 : Applied Econometrics

__

Statistical analysis of cross-section and panel data, with economic
applications. Topics include identification of causal effects using panel
methods, instrumental variables, and quasi-experimental techniques; models
with binary outcomes; **sample** selection. Hands-on analysis of data using
statistical software. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in
MATH 11 or 30, and MATH 12 or 31, and ECON 41, 42, and 113. (5 units)

#####  174 : Applied Time Series Analysis

__

Methods to forecast and interpret hypotheses about time-varying economic
variables. Topics include stationary and non-stationary series; characterizing
time series in tractable ways; separating regular (trend and seasonal) and
irregular parts of a time series; and examining identification and estimation
strategies. Synthesize, present, and evaluate time series analysis to assess
credibility. Additional prerequisites: A grade of C− or better in ECON 41 and
42, and ECON 115. (5 units)

#####  181 : International Trade

__

Analysis of the theories of international trade and strategic interactions;
assessment of the empirical patterns of trade; analysis of the political
economy of protection; and applications to policies guiding international
competition. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON 113. (5
units)

#####  182 : International Finance & Open Economy Macroeconomics

__

Analysis of the monetary aspects of international economics, including the
balance of payments, exchange rates and foreign exchange markets, speculative
attacks and currency crises, and the implications of international trade and
capital flows for macroeconomic activity and policy. Additional prerequisite:
A grade of C− or better in ECON 115. (5 units)

##### 185 : The Economics of Innovation and Intellectual Property

__

The economic determinants and consequences of innovation. Topics include
research and development, joint ventures, patents and other intellectual
property, university-industry and government-industry collaboration, and the
relationship between antitrust and other regulatory policies and technological
advances. Additional prerequisite: A grade of C− or better in ECON 114. (5
units)

##### 186 : Economics of Digitization

__

Digitization has dramatically reduced the costs of data storage and
transmission. The transformative force of the internet has, in many areas,
changed fundamentally the ways consumers and companies interact. The course
explores the impact of different digital technologies on the behavior of
markets and market outcomes. It combines tools and insights from a number of
fields, including industrial organization, labor economics, the economics of
innovation, and applied econometrics. Topics covered include big data,
copyright and online piracy, apps markets, online retailers, social media,
online gaming, and virtual currencies. Additional prerequisite:: A grade of C-
or better in ECON 113 AND ECON 114. (5 units)

#####  187 : Dynamic Macroeconomics

__

Dynamic macroeconomic models are artificial economies that are designed for
doing applied time-series analysis and policy simulation. This course provides
an introduction to such models. Topics include a review of analytical and
numerical tools for dynamic optimization; quantitative analysis of business
cycle using the neoclassical growth theory; monetary policy analysis and
projection using new Keynesian models; and other selected topics of economic
dynamics. Problem sets include both theoretical and computer exercises.
Additional pre-requisites: A grade of C– or better in Econ 41, Econ 42, Econ
113 and Econ 115 (5 units).

##### 188: Advanced Macroeconomics: Theory and Empirics

__

Designed to provide students with a deeper understanding of macroeconomics and
useful rigorous analytical and statistical skills. Topics covered include
economic growth, and monetary and fiscal policies in business cycles. Analyze
these topics in theoretical models, and validate the theories using actual
data with R. _Additional prerequisites: A grade of C– or better in ECON 41,
42, and 115._ (5 units)

##### 190 : Economics Seminar

__

Seminar on contemporary economic theories and problems. Admission by
invitation only. (5 units)

##### 199 : Independent Study

__

Independent projects undertaken by upper-division students with a faculty
sponsor. Independent studies are normally permitted only under special
circumstances. Prerequisite: Written proposal must be approved by instructor
and chair at least one week prior to registration. (1–5 units)

[Economics Sections __](/business/economics/)[Economics](/business/economics/)

  * [Economics](/business/economics/)
  * [About Us](/business/economics/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
    * Undergraduate Courses
    * [Undergraduate Course Availability](/business/economics/academics/availability/)
    * [Graduate Courses & Availability](/business/economics/academics/graduate-courses-and-availability/)
    * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/economics/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/economics/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/economics/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/economics/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/economics/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0-94f58e90f01a)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

