Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/faculty/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofEconomics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Faculty and Staff

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Economics](/business/economics/)
  4. Faculty and Staff 

#####  Contact Us

Economics Department: Lucas Hall - Floor 2

408-554-4341  
[economics@scu.edu](mailto:economics@scu.edu)

### Academic Faculty

[![W.M. Keck Foundation Professor of Economics Mario Belotti Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Belotti---
2068_008-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/belotti/)

W.M. Keck Foundation Professor of Economics

[Mario L. Belotti](/business/economics/faculty/belotti/)

macroeconomics, money & banking, development

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Alex-Field-Head-
Shot-200x206.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/field/)

Michel and Mary Orradre Professor of Economics

[Alexander J. Field](/business/economics/faculty/field/)

economic history, macroeconomics, behavioral

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Helmers-
AHP-7364-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/helmers/)

Associate Professor, Economics

[Christian Helmers](/business/economics/faculty/helmers/)

innovation, digitization, law and economics

[![Assistant Professor of Economics John Ifcher Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Ifcher---IMG_3389-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/ifcher/)

Associate Professor, Economics, Undergraduate Leadership Team Chair

[John Ifcher](/business/economics/faculty/ifcher/)

behavioral, experimental, public economics

[![Associate Professor of Economics Linda Kamas Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kamas-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/kamas/)

Associate Professor, Economics

[Linda Kamas](/business/economics/faculty/kamas/)

behavioral, experimental, gender, macroeconomics

[![Associate Professor of Economics Michael Kevane Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kevane-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/kevane/)

Associate Professor, Economics

[Michael Kevane](/business/economics/faculty/kevane/)

development economics, economics of gender

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Maliar_Serguei-2017-DONJ5495-web-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/economics/faculty/maliar/)

Associate Professor, Economics

[Serguei Maliar](/business/economics/faculty/maliar/)

macroeconomics, game theory, numerical methods

[![Professor of Economics Kris Mitchener Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Mitchener1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/mitchener/)

Robert and Susan Finocchio Professor of Economics

[Kris James Mitchener](/business/economics/faculty/mitchener/)

economic history, international econ, finance, macro

[![Assistant Professor of Economics Lan Nguyen Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Nguyen---AHP_8347-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/nguyen/)

Assistant Professor, Economics

[Thuy Lan Nguyen](/business/economics/faculty/nguyen/)

macroeconomics, open economy macro

[![Associate Professor of Economics Helen Popper Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/popper-98010017-1-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/popper/)

Professor, Economics

[Helen Popper](/business/economics/faculty/popper/)

open economy macroeconomics, international finance

[![Dongsoo Shin, Economics faculty](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Picture-SHIN-360x353.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/shin/)

Department Chair,  
Associate Professor, Economics

[Dongsoo Shin](/business/economics/faculty/shin/)

agency theory, industrial organization, game theory

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Sundstrom-200x200.JPG)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/sundstrom/)

Professor, Economics

[William A. Sundstrom](/business/economics/faculty/sundstrom/)

economic history, labor, development

### Adjunct Faculty

[![Lecturer in Economics James Airola Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/airola-IMG_7627-\(1\)-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/airola/)

Lecturer, Economics

[James Airola](/business/economics/faculty/airola/)

microeconomics, international economics

[![Adjunct Lecturer of Economics Shireen Al-Azzawi Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Al-Azzawi---IMG_1311-200x200.jpg)Image link to
full profile](/business/economics/faculty/al-azzawi/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Shireen Al-Azzawi](/business/economics/faculty/al-azzawi/)

development, international trade, applied micro

[![Lecturer in Economics Adina Ardelean Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Ardelean--200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/ardelean/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Adina Ardelean](/business/economics/faculty/ardelean/)

international trade, applied micro, applied econometrics

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/cameron-lyod/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Patricia Cameron-Loyd](/business/economics/faculty/cameron-lyod/)

microeconomics

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/huang/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Economics

[Hui Huang](/business/economics/faculty/huang/)

microeconomics

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Sofia-
Kotsiri-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/kotsiri/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Economics

[Sofia Kotsiri](/business/economics/faculty/kotsiri/)

macroeconomics, microeconomics

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/madarassy/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Rita Madarassy](/business/economics/faculty/madarassy/)

microeconomics, microeconomics, international economics

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/mcallister/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Economics

[Hugh McAllister](/business/economics/faculty/mcallister/)

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Park---
DSC_0020-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/park/)

Lecturer, Economics

[Damian Park](/business/economics/faculty/park/)

microeconomics, environmental economics

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/schlapfer/)

Adjunct Lecturer, Economics

[Alain Schlapfer](/business/economics/faculty/schlapfer/)

### Emeriti Faculty

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/demmert-02-md-200x200.png)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/demmert/)

Emeritus

[Henry Demmert](/business/economics/faculty/demmert/)

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/russell/)

Emeritus

[Thomas Russell](/business/economics/faculty/russell/)

[![Light grey SCU logo](/media/scuedu/content-assets/images/logofade.png)Image
link to full profile](/business/economics/faculty/whalen/)

Emeritus

[Thaddeus John Whalen, Jr.](/business/economics/faculty/whalen/)

### Staff

[![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/head-shots/Farag-
AHP_5045-200x200.jpg)Image link to full
profile](/business/economics/faculty/farag/)

Senior Administrative Assistant, Economics

[Marianne Farag](/business/economics/faculty/farag/)

[Economics Sections __](/business/economics/)[Economics](/business/economics/)

  * [Economics](/business/economics/)
  * [About Us](/business/economics/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
  * Faculty and Staff
  * [Research](/business/economics/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/economics/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/economics/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/economics/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0-94f58e90f01a)

### In the News

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

