Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/faculty/kelley/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Kelley, James

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  5. Kelley, James 

![...](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/SCU_Stacked-
grey500x500-1-200x200.png)

## James Kelley

#### Professor of Practice, Finance

* * *

James Kelley is a professor of practice in the finance department at the
Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University.

Born and raised in a suburb of Cleveland, Ohio, he is the middle of three
sons. He didn’t recognize it at the time, but as a class officer, most likely
to succeed, the scholar athlete, and co-captain of the wrestling team in high
school, he spent much of his early life managing people. Upon graduation from
high school he entered the US Military Academy at West Point which had been a
dream of his since he first read _The Long Grey Line_ as a child. At West
Point, he was a cadet company commander as a senior and on the Dean’s list. He
wrestled and played lacrosse at the intercollegiate level.

After graduation James was appointed a 2nd Lieutenant in Armor branch. He was
a company commander ahead of his contemporaries in a United States-based unit
and was also made a company commander in Vietnam. Near the end of his
scheduled tour in Vietnam he was seriously wounded while leading an attack on
a North Vietnamese unit. These wounds ultimately led to a disability discharge
and a career change.

Two years later, he was admitted to the Wharton Graduate division, at the
University of Pennsylvania in the Health Care Administration program. When he
graduated, he was hired as an assistant hospital administrator at El Camino
Hospital in Mountain View. CA. For almost seven years, he was responsible for
10 operational departments and liaised with four medical specialties. While
working at El Camino he attended law school at Santa Clara University.

James passed the California bar on his first attempt and decided to leave
hospital administration. At this same time, he was selected by Rotary
International to be a participant in an exchange program. Five young business
and professional people from a Rotary district are selected to visit another
district, as part of a cultural and informational exchange. James' team spent
five weeks in the south of England, visiting other Rotary clubs, touring
businesses, learning about their industries and representing their district at
a variety of occasions.

Upon his return he started law practice in the Palo Alto area. He also started
teaching part time at the university level. After 15 years of corporate law
practice among the growing Silicon Valley start-ups, James was given an
opportunity to take on a few more classes. He started teaching in the SCU MBA
program on a regular basis in 1997, and later also taught in the MSIS and
undergraduate programs.

On a personal note, James met his wife, Kathy, while at West Point, and they
married after she finished her undergraduate work. They have a daughter and a
son who have been successful in their high tech careers, and also have two
young grandchildren whom they enjoy spoiling. James and Kathy spend their free
time traveling. As a history buff, he had always been intrigued to see Malta
and explore its complicated past. This summer, they finally had a chance to do
just that….with stays in New York , Iceland, Scotland, France, Monaco and
Italy for good measure!

**Professional Experience**

James' legal practice consists of general corporate work, such as financings,
contracts, protection of intellectual property, and human resource issues.

Law Offices of James F. Kelley 1992-2016  
Cox & Padmore 1987-1992  
Beckford, Spanner & Kelley 1983-1987  
Law Offices of Charles Knell 1981-1983

Assistant Administrator, El Camino Hospital, Mountain View, CA 1974-1981  
Captain, US Army, Armored Cavalry Troop Commander 1969-1971

**Teaching Experience**

_Leavey School of Business,_  Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA

  * Professor of Practice 2014-present
  * Coordinator of the Business Law Course  2014 - 2016
  * Recipient of Extraordinary Performance-Service & Teaching 2007-2008
  * Member Pre-Law advisory committee

Classes taught:

  * MGMT 505 Political, Legal, & Social Environment of Business (75+)
  * MGMT 169 Business & Society (10+)
  * MSIS 641 Ethics & Public Policy (6)

**Education**

  * D., School of Law, Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA
  * B.A, Wharton Graduate division, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
  * S., United States Military Academy, West Point, NY

_August 2018_

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/finance/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

