Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/faculty/shefrin/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Shefrin, Hersh

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  5. Shefrin, Hersh 

![](/media/public/people/Shefrin-IMG_9614-4-200x199.jpg)

## Hersh Shefrin

#### Mario L. Belotti Professor of Finance

__[Curriculum Vitae (CV)](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/Shefrin-
Hersh-CV-July-2016.pdf)

* * *

Hersh Shefrin holds the Mario Belotti Chair in the Department of Finance at
Santa Clara University's Leavey School of Business. Professor Shefrin is a
pioneer of behavioral finance. He has published widely in the area and writes
for both academics and practitioners. Professor Shefrin regularly teaches
behavioral finance to both undergraduates and graduates. He often speaks on
the subject to portfolio managers, security analysts, and financial planners
both in the U.S. and abroad. In addition, he is frequently interviewed by the
media on financial matters, writes occasional blogs for Forbes and the
Huffington Post, and can be followed on Twitter at
[@HershShefrin](https://twitter.com/HershShefrin).

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/Behavioral-Risk-
Management-1-125x193.jpg)

Professor Shefrin's latest book _Behavioral Risk Management_ was published in
December 2015. This book argues that the most important risk management
disasters in the preceding fifteen years all have psychological pitfalls at
their root. Examples abound: the global financial crisis, the nuclear meltdown
at Fukushima Daiichi in Japan which led that country to close down all of its
nuclear power plants for several years, the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster in
the Gulf of Mexico, and the WHO's late response to the Ebola epidemic that
erupted in 2014. Collectively, the examples in the book illustrate a series of
do's and don'ts for addressing psychological issues in risk management.
Updates to the published version can be found at [this link](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/finance-/shefrin-files/Errors-and-Corrections-Shefrin-BRM-
July-2016.pdf).

In 2001 _CFO_ Magazine listed Professor Shefrin among the “Academic Stars of
Finance.” A 2003 article appearing in _The American Economic Review_ , by
Pierre-Andre Chiappori and Steven Levitt, included Professor Shefrin among the
top 15 theorists to have influenced empirical work in microeonomics. In 2006,
Professor Shefrin was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of
Oulu in Finland. Between 2007 and 2012, he was a visiting guest professor at
Central South University in Changsha, China. He received the _IMCA 2008
Journalism Award_ from the Investment Management Consultants’ Association.
Along with colleague Meir Statman, he received a Graham and Dodd award in 1994
and the 2000 William Sharpe Award for the best paper published in the _Journal
of Finance and Quantitative Analysis_.

In 1999, Harvard Business School Press published Professor Shefrin's book,
_Beyond Greed and Fear: Understanding Behavioral Finance and the Psychology of
Investing_. BG &F is the first comprehensive treatment of behavioral finance
written specifically for practitioners. In 2009, J.P Morgan Chase recognized
_BG &F_ as one of the top ten books published since 2000. In 2007, Oxford
University Press, who assumed publication of the book, released an edition
with a revised preface to reflect recent events and developments. The book is
used around the world as a textbook in courses in behavioral finance, and is
part of the CFA Institute curriculum source material. The book is available
for purchase through this
[website](https://global.oup.com/academic/product/beyond-greed-and-
fear-9780195304213?cc=us&lang=en&). Supplementary instructional materials for
using the book can be downloaded from the **right side of this page under
instructional materials**

In 2001, Professor Shefrin edited a three-volume collection, entitled
_Behavioral Finance_ , published by Edward Elgar. In addition to seminal
papers in this rapidly developing field, these volumes contain some of the
pioneering works in psychology, upon which behavioral finance is based.

In 2006, McGraw-Hill/Irwin published Professor Shefrin’s textbook _Behavioral
Corporate Finance._ _BCF_ is the first book to analyze the impact of
behavioral phenomena on corporate finance. _BCF_ is written to be used as a
supplement in regular MBA level corporate finance classes. Material that will
appear in the next edition can be found at the following links:

  * [http://online.wsj.com/article/  
SB10001424127887324299104578531561852942612.html?  
mod=wsj_streaming_stream](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324299104578531561852942612.html?mod=wsj_streaming_stream)

  * [http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2013/11/08/  
why-twitters-ipo-was-really-a-
failure/](http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2013/11/08/why-twitters-
ipo-was-really-a-failure/)

  * [http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2013/11/07/  
psychological-traps-snare-blackberry-decision-
makers/](http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2013/11/07/psychological-
traps-snare-blackberry-decision-makers/)

  * [http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2014/04/24/  
apples-moves-make-the-stock-look-better-but-is-it-worth-
more/](http://www.forbes.com/sites/hershshefrin/2014/04/24/apples-moves-make-
the-stock-look-better-but-is-it-worth-more/)

Material updating Chapter 2 appears in Professor Shefrin's article, "Free Cash
Flows, Valuation and Growth Opportunities Bias," that appears in the December
2014 issue of the Journal of Investment Management and can be downloaded by
clicking on [this link](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/Errors-and-
Corrections-Shefrin-BRM-Jan-2016.pdf) »

In 2008, Elsevier published the second edition of Professor Shefrin’s book _A
Behavioral Approach to Asset Pricing_. _BAAP_ is the first systematic analysis
of how behavioral assumptions impact the pricing kernel that lies at the heart
of modern asset pricing theory. The book provides a unified behavioral
treatment of the pricing of equities, options, fixed income securities, and
mean-variance portfolios.  

In 2008, McGraw-Hill published Professor Shefrin’s book _Ending the Management
Illusion: How to Drive Business Results Using the Principles of Behavioral
Finance_. This book explains the behavioral traps and biases which typically
ensnare managers, and describes how companies can develop a culture of
debiasing. Readers will find that the companies identified in the book as
having strong cultures have generally performed well since the book was
published, while companies identified as having weak cultures have generally
not. Readers are encouraged to read how the book described the cultures of
Southwest Airlines, Ford, BP, and Citigroup. A simulation game described in
the book can be downloaded  to the right side of this page under instructional
materials.

Since the publication of _Ending the Management Illusion_ (EMI), Professor
Shefrin has applied the EMI culture framework to explaining the role that weak
culture has played in events such as the financial crisis and the 2010
explosion of Deepwater Horizon while drilling BP’s Macondo well in the Gulf of
Mexico.  
See  [
abstract_id=152393](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=152393),
[http://iveybusinessjournal.com/publication/ending-the-management-illusion-
preventing-another-financial-
crisis](http://iveybusinessjournal.com/publication/ending-the-management-
illusion-preventing-another-financial-
crisis/)[,](http://iveybusinessjournal.com/publication/ending-the-management-
illusion-preventing-another-financial-crisis) and
<http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1769213>.

Many of Professor Shefrin’s writing since 2008 have focused on the role played
by psychological phenomena in the global financial crisis. A short summary of
his views can be found at http://investorhome.com/gfc/hs.htm. Additional
longer works can be found at
<http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1953621>,
<http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1539172>, and
<http://www.russellsage.org/sites/all/files/Rethinking-
Finance/Shefrin%20Statman%2001272012.pdf>.

In 2010, Professor Shefrin published a monograph entitled _Behavioralizing
Finance_ , <http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1597934>.
_Behavioralizing Finance_ surveys the main contributions to behavioral
finance, and explores both the strengths and weaknesses of the behavioral
approach. In doing so, he suggests how behavioral finance might evolve in the
future both to exploit its strengths and address its weaknesses.

One of Professor Shefrin’s current areas of focus is behavioral risk
management, the application of behavioral ideas to the practice of risk
management. Among Professor Shefrin’s other areas of focus are the application
of behavioral concepts to financial decisions made by individuals. In this
regard, he serves on mutual fund boards and works with financial firms to
provide tools for managing household spending and borrowing.

Professor Shefrin's scholarly articles have appeared in the _Journal of
Finance_ , the _Journal of Financial Economics,_ the _Review of Financial
Studies_ , the _Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis_ , _Financial
Management, the Financial Analysts Journal_ , the _Journal of Investment
Management_ , the _Journal of Investment Consulting_ , the _Journal of
Portfolio Management_ , _Quarterly Journal of Finance_ , _Journal of Political
Economy_ , _Review of Economic Studies_ , _Journal of Economic Theory,
Economic Inquiry_ , _Economica, Journal of Econometrics_ , _Discrete
Mathematics_ , _Quarterly Journal of Economics_ , and the _International
Economic Review_.

In the 1970s and 1980s Professor Shefrin’s co-authored papers in behavioral
economics with Richard Thaler were the first to propose a psychological and
neurological based theory of self-control. In 1984, an article on dividends by
Professor Shefrin and Meir Statman was the first treatment of behavioral
finance by financial economists. In 1985, they introduced the concept of “the
disposition effect” into the behavioral finance literature, and coined the
term. The disposition effect is the tendency to sell winning stocks too early
and ride losing stocks too long. This phenomenon is the most studied in the
literature on individual investor behavior.

Professor Shefrin completed his PhD at the London School of Economics in the
economics of uncertainty; he earned a Master of Mathematics from the
University of Waterloo and a BS (Honors) in economics and mathematics from the
University of Manitoba.

January 2016

#####  Related Links

[Social Science Research
Network](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/cf_dev/AbsByAuth.cfm?per_id=17943)

### In the News

### Social Media

[Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/HershShefrin)

* * *

#### Hersh Shefrin Instructional Materials

**Beyond Greed & Fear**  
[Instructor's Guide to Beyond Greed and Fear](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/finance-/shefrin-files/instructors-guide.pdf) (PDF)  
[Beyond Greed and Fear Questionnaire](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/finance-/shefrin-files/bgf-questionnaire.pdf) (PDF)  
[Beyond Greed and Fear Responses Spreadsheet](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/finance-/shefrin-files/questionnaire-responses.xls) (XLS)  
[Bayes Rule Spreadsheet](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/shefrin-
files/bayes-rule.xls) (XLS)  
[Myopic Loss Aversion Spreadsheet](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/finance-/shefrin-files/myopic-loss-aversion.xls) (XLS)  
  
**Behavioral Corporate Finance  
**[Simulation Game](/media/leavey-school-of-business/finance-/shefrin-
files/simulation-game-planning.xls) (XLS)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

