Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/faculty/mank/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofManagement & Entrepreneurship

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Mank, Darrel

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  4. [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  5. Mank, Darrel 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Mank---AHP_7356-200x200.jpg)

## Darrel A. Mank

#### Lecturer, Management

* * *

Dr. Darrel A. (Del) Mank is an experienced executive in the high technology
industry and has been deeply involved with starting successful new businesses
and leading significant growth in large corporations. He has an extensive
international business background and his career has included both public and
privately held companies. His managerial expertise includes product
development, design, marketing and sales, operations, and general business
management.

Del is currently working with a technology start-up that solves cloud memory
access performance bottleneck problems to develop their market entry strategy
and business model. He works as an executive coach and as management
consultant to high technology start-up companies for whom he integrates
technology, R&D, financial, and general management expertise.

Dr. Mank lectures at the Leavey School of Business of Santa Clara University
in both the MBA and undergraduate programs. Del is active in both the
international SCU Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship [CIE] with
Fulbright scholars and in the SCU California Program for Entrepreneurship
[CAPE]. In both programs, he has developed teaching modules targeted at skill
development for start-up executives and served as a business advisor to the
nascent companies. Dr. Mank has created a successful 2-Day MBA seminar to
familiarize engineering organizations and managers with the business,
marketing, and financial world in which they work. His areas of teaching
specialty are 1) Innovation Strategy and Technology Management, 2) Managing
Start-Up companies, and 3) International Business and Management.

Most recently, Dr. Mank was on the Board of Directors of Tundra Semiconductor
Corporation in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and was a member & chairman of Tundra's
audit committee. Tundra had a successful IPO and grew to $90M [Canadian],
rebuilt after the dot.com crash, and was acquired in 2007.. Prior to Tundra,
Del was with Cadence Design Systems as the Senior Vice President of Design
Services. He was COO at Acumos and led a 15X revenue growth over a two year
period. The company was acquired by Cirrus Logic for a >20X return. Del
continued with Cirrus as Vice President and General Manager—Portable Products
and Vice President of New Product Development. Earlier, Del was with VLSI
Technology as Vice President and General Manager of ASIC and Vice President of
ASIC Operations. He began his high-tech career with Texas Instruments where he
held a number of engineering and general management level positions—and helped
start two new product divisions.

Dr. Mank holds a Ph.D. in Engineering Management and a BSEE from the
University of Missouri-Rolla, and a MBA from the University of Dallas. He has
researched and published in the area of managing R&D expenditures in high tech
companies for best shareholder returns.

_February 2013_

[Management & Entrepreneurship Sections __](/business/management/)[Management
& Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)

  * [Management & Entrepreneurship](/business/management/)
  * [About Us](/business/management/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/management/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/management/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/management/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/management/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/management/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/management/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c71514761)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

