Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/caap/prospective/courses/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Course Descriptions

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  4. [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
  5. Course Descriptions 

Course Descriptions

![Man](/media/leavey-school-of-business/caap/SM-OL-iStock-466969890.png)

Of the eight courses, seven are required to receive the certificate (ACTG
181-187). ACTG 180 is strongly recommended for students who have not taken
university-level accounting courses in the past year, and is required for
students who have not previously taken any accounting courses. If you would
like to petition to waive ACTG 180 please contact the CAAP Admissions Team
directly at CAAP@scu.edu or (408) 554-4522.

##### 180 (5 units) Introduction to Financial Accounting

__

Financial and Managerial Accounting. Introduces concepts and principles
underlying external financial statements and provides an overview of how
managers use internal accounting information to make sound business decisions.
This introductory class includes a self-study module which provides insight
into the mechanics behind the preparation of financial statements, including
the accounting model and accrual versus cash accounting.

To be eligible to waive ACTG 180 students must have taken an equivalent course
at an AACSB-accredited institution, completed within the last 2 years with a
grade of B or better.

##### 181 (6 units) Intermediate Financial Accounting I

__

In-depth study of the concepts underlying external financial reporting along
with expanded coverage of the basic financial statements. Detailed analysis of
the measurement and reporting of current assets, operational assets, and
investments, including the treatment of related revenues and expenses.

Prerequisite:  C or better in ACTG 180

##### 182 (6 units) Intermediate Financial Accounting II

__

Intensive analysis of generally accepted accounting principles as applied to
accounting for liabilities, stockholders’ equity, and the statement of cash
flows. Covers accounting for income taxes, pensions, leases, and the reporting
of corporate earnings.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 181

##### 183 (5 units) Auditing

__

Basic assurance concepts such as risk, control, and evidence and important
relationships among these concepts. Provides an understanding of the
conceptual assurance framework underlying financial statement audits.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 182 and ACTG 187

##### 184 (6 units) Advanced Accounting

__

Partnership accounting from organization to liquidation. The focus is then on
corporate accounting for business combinations and the consolidation of parent
and subsidiary companies’ financial statements under both the purchase and the
pooling-of-interests methods of business combinations. Covers a broad spectrum
of financial reporting issues in the context of intercompany investments.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 182

##### 185 (6 units) Cost Management and Strategy

__

Analysis of cost accounting with a strategic emphasis. Selected topics include
process costing, activity-based costing, variance analysis, joint cost
allocations, and the Theory of Constraints.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 181

##### 186 (6 units) Tax Aspects of Business Decisions

__

Analysis of various tax policies and their effect on business and personal tax
planning. Includes discussion of various taxes (income, payroll, state and
local, international) that have decision making implications. Addresses issues
of importance for successful tax planning and tax minimization for individuals
and businesses.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 181

##### 187 (5 units) Accounting Information Systems

__

Understand and document accounting information systems and related internal
control procedures.  Identify and Link internal control procedures to the
accounting control objectives of completeness, validity, timeliness,
valuation, and classification for sales/receivable, purchases/payables,
payroll, production, the general ledger.  Understand and apply segregation of
duties, independent checks, physical safeguards, adequate documentation and
proper authorization to various accounting/business cycles.

Prerequisite:  C- or better in ACTG 185  

[Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency Sections
__](/business/caap/)[Certificate of Advanced Accounting
Proficiency](/business/caap/)

  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  * [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
    * [Application](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
    * [Admissions Information](/business/caap/prospective/admissions/)
    * [Tuition & Financial Aid](/business/caap/prospective/tuition/)
    * Course Descriptions
    * [Faculty Bios](/business/caap/prospective/bios/)
    * [FAQs](/business/caap/prospective/faqs/)
  * [Current Students](/business/caap/current/)
  * [Employers/Recruiters](/business/caap/employers/)
  * [Alumni](/business/caap/alumni/)
  * [CAAP Calendar](/business/caap/calendar/)
  * [Apply Now](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/caap/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for a CAAP Info Session](/business/caap/caap-info/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/
)

  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

