Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

#

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  4. [Programs for Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/)
  5. Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program 

[Executive Education Sections __](/business/edc/)[Executive
Education](/business/edc/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)
  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/)
  * [Custom Programs for Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/)
  * [Programs for Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/)
    * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
    * [Certified Equity Professional Program (CEP)](/business/cepi/)
    * [Certified Financial Planner Program (CFP)](/business/edc/individuals/online/)
    * [Digital Badge in Organizational Health](/business/edc/individuals/organizational-health/)
    * [Marketing Certificate](/business/marketingcertificate/)
    * Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program
      * [Facilitators and Mentors](/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program/facilitators-mentors/)
    * [Impact Investing Certificate](/business/edc/individuals/impactinvesting/)
  * [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

## Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program



![WCBR Program 2019 updated](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-program/Feature-Photo-copy.jpg)









 **"I ask no favor for my sex, all I ask of  our brethren is that they take
their feet off our necks."**

**_Ruth Bader Ginsburg_**

Calling all Women Who Seek Board Positions.

Organizations with women in leadership positions perform better than those
that don’t. They surpass others in social responsiveness, sustainability, and
financial performance. Recent evidence also indicates that companies with
female board members are more successful than those without women, a key
concern for organizational competitiveness.

This program will feature faculty who are highly successful women board
members and other experts in the field. You will join other high-performing,
accomplished, and ambitious women who have already achieved much in their
careers and who desire to take their talent, leadership, and executive skills
to the next level by serving on boards. As a participant, you will also have
the opportunity to develop a personalized action plan to seek and obtain a
board directorship.  

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/730x300.jpg)  

#### Your Personal Pitch

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/Patty-350x150.jpg)  

#### Marketing Yourself

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/350-x-150.jpg)  

#### Coaching and Mentoring

![Pull quote illustration](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-program/AH908987-200x211.jpg)

>  

> Learn the essential legal, regulatory, and operating knowledge you will need
to serve on boards of directors, and at the same time connect with, and learn
from, women who have achieved success as board members.

Theresa Strickland (Faculty Director/CMO)

Leavey School of Business

# Join The Silicon Valley Executive Center For The Women's Corporate Board
Readiness Program

May 2019

[Register Today](https://cvent.me/Xdgna

)





## Act With Power

This highly interactive course will use case studies and experiential sessions
to prepare you for directorship and start you on the path to being a sought-
after candidate.

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/Eva-360x319.jpg)



![Go Anywhere from Here](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-program/JoEllen-&-Caryn-500x333.jpg)

## Go anywhere from here

You will expand your ability to evaluate board opportunities based on your own
preferences and cultural fit, learn to communicate effectively in the language
of boards, and gain critical knowledge and skills you will need to be
effective.













  * ##### Day 1

###### May 2, 2019

__

![Lisa Bougie](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-
program/Lisa-Bougie_Headshot_Intl-Wmns-Day.jpg)

#### Governance, Roles & Responsibilities, The Gender Gap, High Stakes
Situations

Event Details

Governance vs. management and making the leap.  Explore the essential legal,
regulatory, and operating knowledge you will need to serve on boards of
directors.  What are the current governance challenges and regulatory changes
impacting the boardroom?  Digging in: What is our current reality around
gender equality in the boardroom, how did we get here, and why is it important
to understand?  Learn the essential responsibilities and duties of board
membership, based on the maturity and size of the company and its products or
services.  Dealing with crisis.

  * ##### Day 2

###### May 3, 2019

__

![Alicia Castillo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/Alicia-C.jpg)

#### Networking, Mutual Selection, Men's Panel, Your Personal Pitch and Brand

Event Details

What will recruiters see as your strengths? What is the best way to fill your
gaps?  What strategic career choices should you consider to position yourself
for directorship?  What are board members and recruiters looking for in a
candidate? What skills and backgrounds are required?  Increase your visibility
with executive search firms and nominating committees. Forging influential
relationships with other board members and with management.  Work through your
own pitch.  

  * ##### 4 Week Break

###### May 4 - May 28

__

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/Meet-and-Greetjpg-360x240.jpg)

#### Coaching and Mentoring, Two Webinar Sessions

4 Week Break

You will spend  a total of 4 hours with your coach and can split your time up
as you see appropriate.  You and your coach will begin working on your pitch
for the final day of class.  2 Webinar Sessions: “The Power of Negotiating”
and “Learn from the Experts”.

  * ##### Day 3

###### May 30, 2019

__

![WCBR 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-
program/Untitled-1-360x360.jpg)

#### Finance Through The Board Lens and Competing Commitments

Event Details

Digging deeper into a firm’s financial statements.  Learn to detect red flags
and read between the lines in financial statements.  Handling mergers,
acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances.  Understand immunity to change and
what it means in a board role, and in your life, as you pursue board
membership.

  * ##### Day 4

###### May 31, 2019

__

![WCBR Program 2019](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-
board-program/jb-360x354.jpg)

#### Power on Boards: Owning Who You Are! Present Your Personal Pitch to
Judges

Event Details

Learn the power dynamics that are critical to understand and navigate on
boards.  Interpret subtle messages of power and what they mean.  Managing
board conflict and communication.  Managing bias and perception.  Final
Session: Each woman presents their pitch to a set of judges and receives
feedback.

## Registration Information

![logo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-
program/Logo-200x102.jpg)

We want to ensure that participants can be considered for real future
directorship vacancies, therefore participants must have a minimum of 7 years
of senior-level (VP and above) corporate or non-profit management experience.
After you have registered your information on our registration website, you
will receive a notification of your acceptance or denial into the program.

#### Here's everything you need to know about becoming a WCBR member.

* * *

  1. Program Fee -  **$7195.00  **
  2. Early Bird Fee -  **$6995.00** _  (Ends 4-2-2019) Non-Profit Fee - **$6475.00**_
  3. _Teams of 3 or more from the same company receive a 10% discount.  _
  4. Full payment is due at the time of registration and at least two weeks before the start of the program. Payment can be made via credit card (Amex, Visa, Mastercard) or via Company Check payable to the Silicon Valley Executive Center.

**                 Logistics:**

  * The program does not include housing costs.  Hotel accommodations are available near the SCU campus. 
  * Breakfast, lunch, as well as morning and afternoon snacks, are included in the program fee. Coffee, tea, and water will also be available. 
  * Business casual is the appropriate attire. 
  * A detailed topic agenda will be available one week prior to the start of the program.
  * Sessions will take place on the SCU campus from 8.30 am - to 5:00 pm on the designated days. 
  * A laptop or tablet will be extremely valuable for accessing online exercises, assignments, and other materials during the program. However, such a device is not required to participate in the program.



## [Register Now](https://cvent.me/Xdgna)



[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

