Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/scus-executive-development-center-has-a-new-name.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. SCU's Executive Development Center has a New Name 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/SCULSB_MPP_SH_15_220-760x400-4.jpg)

## SCU's Executive Development Center has a New Name

The Executive Development Center in the Leavey School of Business has changed
its name to the Silicon Valley Executive Center at Santa Clara University.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.** , April 11, 2018—The Executive Development Center in
the Leavey School of Business has been providing high-quality programs and
professional certifications to the Silicon Valley business community for over
60 years. Through growth and expansion, we are sending a message to the global
executive education market that we represent the heartbeat of Silicon Valley,
by evolving our name to - the _**Silicon Valley Executive Center @ Santa Clara
University**_.

Since 1957, the Center has been producing high-impact programs to help local
business leaders, managers and professionals be better equipped to tackle the
speed and complexity of growth in the Silicon Valley. It currently serves
1,800 people annually, across seven countries around the world. The Center
offers professional certifications as well as certificates and customized
programs in innovation, entrepreneurship, and product development; leadership
and management; accounting and finance; and data analytics and information
systems.

In 2017, Leavey School of Business Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley hired a new
executive director, veteran executive-education leader Dennis Lanham, to steer
the Center into a new era of growth. “We were searching for an individual who
could build upon our Center’s success and position us to compete more
broadly,” said Beck-Dudley. “Dennis and I have worked closely over the last
year to plant the seeds to make that happen.”

The [new Silicon Valley Executive Center](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey
School of Business » Executive Education") strategic plan includes an
expansion of its global footprint. Using Silicon Valley-based frameworks,
insights and practical tools, the Center has begun work to modernize its
portfolio by incorporating online and blended programs to make the learner
experience more convenient and increase its global reach. “Silicon Valley has
major global cachet. We’re already partnered in several different countries
across Europe and Asia, largely because of the attraction to our
entrepreneurial and tech-focused business environment, and we intend to
leverage those touchpoints as channel partners to introduce the newest trends
in executive and professional education to those markets,” said Lanham.

Estimated at almost a billion dollars, the global university-based executive
education market is alive and well - but so is the competition. The Center has
always incorporated a Silicon Valley angle in its program designs and faculty
selection as a point of differentiation, but the new name highlights this as a
central theme of the portfolio. “By choosing to put Silicon Valley in our
name, we hope to send a clear message about our value in the global
marketplace,” said Jan Sola, newly promoted senior associate director of the
Center.

“With all of this change, we have a few simple goals; greater visibility,
gold-standard program design, and ultimately, learner and organizational
impact,” said Lanham. “We know that if we can achieve these three things, our
brand will grow.”

The Center is planning a celebration of its new name this summer, in a new
larger facility in Santa Clara University’s Loyola Hall, 425 El Camino Real,
Santa Clara, California, 95053.

**About Leavey School of Business**  
Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
www.scu.edu/business.

**About Santa Clara University**  
Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located 40
miles south of San Francisco in Californiaís Silicon Valley, offers its more
than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences,
business, and engineering; masterís degrees in business, education, counseling
psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and engineering
doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest graduation
rates among all U.S. masterís universities, Californiaís oldest operating
higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of ethics and
social justice. For more information, see www.scu.edu.

**Media Contact**  
Deborah Lohse | SCU Media Relations | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121

###### Apr 11, 2018

LSB, News & Events Home, Top Home, EDC

349111

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

