Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/internationally-renowned-business-author-patrick-lencioni-to-speak-at-santa-clara-university-may-10.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Internationally Renowned Business Author Patrick Lencioni to Speak at Santa Clara University May 10 

![Headshot of May 10 speaker and Bronco father Patrick
Lencioni](/media/institutional-pages/news-ampamp-
events/patlencioni760x480.jpg)

Headshot of May 10 speaker and Bronco father Patrick Lencioni

## Internationally Renowned Business Author Patrick Lencioni to Speak at Santa
Clara University May 10

May 10 speech will also mark the launch of an organizational health initiative
between Patrick Lencioni and Santa Clara University’s Silicon Valley Executive
Center, bringing his acclaimed methods to area executives and the SCU
community.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.** , March 19, 2018—He has sold over 5 million books and
speaks to tens of thousands of leaders a year at standing-room-only events.
The _Wall Street Journal_ called him “one of the nation’s top five business
speakers.”

On May 10, international speaker and _New York Times_ best-selling author
**Patrick Lencioni** will bring his unique brand of insight, humor, and
accessibility to Santa Clara University as featured speaker for the
University’s first Organizational Health Summit. Lencioni aims to inspire
Silicon Valley business leaders, the SCU community, and fans with his argument
that organizational health “will surpass all other disciplines in business as
the greatest opportunity for improvement and competitive advantage.”

Lencioni also will shed light on the concept of “smart vs. healthy”
organizations. His consulting and speaking work has led him to observe that
many organizations, including those in Silicon Valley, are smart in “decision
sciences” such as technology, strategy and finance, but are not as healthy as
they need to be—as measured by factors like an absence of politics or low
turnover—to tap their full potential.

“I am really looking forward to speaking in the heart of the Silicon Valley,
and to establishing our new partnership with Santa Clara University,” said
Lencioni, who has twin boys studying at Santa Clara.

The May 10 event will take place in Mayer Theatre on SCU’s campus, 500 El
Camino Real, Santa Clara, California 95053, from 8:30 to 11:00 a.m.
Registration information can be found [at the website for the
event](http://www.cvent.com/events/organizational-health-summit/event-
summary-f40001ebd4a2444faba93f6065778cfa.aspx?fqp=true).

It is sponsored by the [Silicon Valley Executive
Center](https://www.scu.edu/business/edc/) in the Leavey School of Business at
Santa Clara University.

_New Partnership_

In addition, the summit is expected to announce the launch of a new
partnership between Lencioni’s company, The Table Group, and the Silicon
Valley Executive Center in the Leavey School of Business. The aim is to create
modules of Lencioni’s sought-after organizational health model, and offer them
to business students as well as members of the Silicon Valley business
community.

”We are looking forward to building out a full institute for organizational
health,” said **Dennis Lanham** , executive director of the Silicon Valley
Executive Center. “It will be a great addition to our executive development
portfolio.”

"We see great things ahead for this partnership between Leavey School and The
Table Group,” said Leavey School of Business Dean **Caryn Beck-Dudley**.
“Patrick’s decades of experience in honing teams and organizations that thrive
are a tremendous complement to our world-class education.”

Lencioni began his career at the consultant firm Bain & Co. and at Oracle, and
was an executive with Sybase before turning to consulting and writing. For his
talk, he will draw on material from his 2012 best seller, _The Advantage_ , as
well as his most recent 2016 book, _The Ideal Team Player_. He will discuss
the four disciplines that must be in place for a company to achieve
“organizational health”—which he defines as the intersection of operations and
culture.

**About The Table Group**  
In 1997, Patrick Lencioni and a group of colleagues founded The Table Group to
introduce the concept of organizational health to the world, believing it to
be the most untapped competitive advantage in business. Two decades later,
that belief is being confirmed and Lencioni has sold over 5 million books that
have been translated into 30 languages and has spoken to or consulted with
hundreds of thousands of leaders. Today, The Table Group and a team of
consultants around the world are helping CEOs from Fortune 500, mid-sized and
startup and non-profits make their organizations healthier. Their products and
tools are being used by leaders and practitioners who understand the power of
organizational health. For more information see <https://www.tablegroup.com>.

**About Leavey School of Business**  
Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu/business. ](http://www.scu.edu/business)

**About Santa Clara University**  
Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located 40
miles south of San Francisco in Californiaís Silicon Valley, offers its more
than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences,
business, and engineering; masterís degrees in business, education, counseling
psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and engineering
doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest graduation
rates among all U.S. masterís universities, Californiaís oldest operating
higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of ethics and
social justice. For more information, see [www.scu.edu. ](http://www.scu.edu)

**Media Contacts  
** Deborah Lohse | SCU Media Communications | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121  
Amy Hiett | The Table Group | amy@tablegroup.com | 925-299-9702

###### Mar 19, 2018

LSB, News & Events Home, EDC,

_Photo of Patrick Lencioni courtesy of The Table Group_

343307

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

