Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/expanding-executive-education-internationally.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Expanding Executive Education Internationally 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/EDC-Article---9.2017---
DW100159-760x400.jpg)

## Expanding Executive Education Internationally

The Executive Development Center concluded another successful year with two
international university partners completing custom residential programs on
the Santa Clara University campus.

For the last sixty years the [Executive Development Center](/business/edc/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education") (EDC) at
Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of Business has been providing
specialized programs for businesses, universities and organizations around the
world. With topics ranging from innovation and entrepreneurship to creating
high performing teams and managing a global footprint, the EDC offers an
exceptional immersion into Silicon Valley for these partners.

This summer the EDC completed its 17th year in partnership with the University
of St. Gallen, a top university in Switzerland and Europe. Each year, 25 - 35
St. Gallen’s Executive MBA students participate in the two-week residential
program here in Silicon Valley as an international component of their degree.
The program not only helps participants develop a thorough understanding of
the unique and inspiring entrepreneurial culture in Silicon Valley but offers
a chance to explore the ecosystem that supports it. This program allows
students to learn from SCU faculty, visit Silicon Valley companies and local
start-ups, and provides an opportunity to meet investors and entrepreneurs
here in the Valley.

What’s even better is that participants put their learning into practice by
developing business plans that are pitched to, and critiqued by, a panel of
investors and entrepreneurs on the final day of the program. Since the EDC
launched this partnership with St. Gallen in 2001, hundreds of St. Gallen
Executive MBA students from Switzerland, Germany, and other European countries
have experienced the dynamism and uniqueness of Silicon Valley directly,
returning to Europe with new perspectives and insights into what makes Silicon
Valley and SCU distinctively different.

“Being able to provide these types of rich learning experiences to students
around the globe is one of the things that make our Executive Development
Center truly unique in the industry,” said Dennis Lanham, executive director
of the EDC. “In this way, our center is bringing Silicon Valley to the world.”  
  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/EDC-article-2017---
DW100354-325x250.jpg)

St. Gallen is not the only European university that the EDC has partnered
with. Since 2012, ESADE, the globally recognized Jesuit university in Spain,
has also been benefiting from the EDC’s programs. Different from St. Gallen,
ESADE receives 3 one-week programs every year for their Executive Masters in
Digital Business and in Marketing and Sales. Through faculty presentations and
discussions with Silicon Valley industry experts, students take a deep dive
into timely digital marketing topics like digital disruption, data science,
digital marketing, and the new on-demand economy. This extremely popular
program brings more than 100 executive master-level students to SCU annually.

"The real experience provided by people in real business is one of the key
assets of the Santa Clara executive business programs," wrote a student of the
2017 summer ESADE cohort.

Another particularly benefited from the program saying it has “the best
teachers in marketing in an incredible environment that helps learning."

Aside from these universities in Switzerland and Spain, the Executive
Development Center has similar partnerships with major universities and
governmental organizations in Japan, Germany, Italy and China, and will soon
be adding several more to its portfolio. The EDC also provides customized
learning solutions for businesses across industries. Businesses are spending
more on learning and development today and the EDC is positioning itself to
take full advantage of that.  

“These types of partnerships are only one arm of our center, but they
represent a key growth opportunity for us,” said Lanham. “We hope to establish
an even larger global footprint by launching more programs like this in the
future.”

In addition to these customized programs, the Executive Development Center
also offers a new [Executive Marketing Certificate in Productizing
Innovation](https://www.scu.edu/business/marketingcertificate/), a
certification in equity compensation through the [Certified Equity
Professional Institute](https://www.scu.edu/business/cepi/) (CEPI), a
[Certificate of Advanced Accounting
Proficiency](https://www.scu.edu/business/caap/) program (CAAP), and a [CFP®
Certification in Financial Planning](/business/edc/individuals/online/ "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Certified Financial
Planner Program \(CFP\)"). To learn more about all of the programs that are
offered by the EDC, contact Jan Sola at [jsola@scu.edu](mailto:jsola@scu.edu)
or visit the website at [www.scu.edu/edc](http://www.scu.edu/edc).



###### Sep 22, 2017

LSB, News & Events Home, EDC

295297

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

