Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/scus-food-and-agribusiness-institute-has-a-new-name.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. SCU's Food and Agribusiness Institute has a New Name 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/hometest/Greenhouse-
agriculture_0-2-760x400-4.jpg)

## SCU's Food and Agribusiness Institute has a New Name

The newly renamed Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CFIE) will
continue its work on issues related to the food industry, food insecurity, and
more.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.** , December 18, 2018—The Food and Agribusiness
Institute (FAI), in the Leavey School of Business was founded in 1973 and has
educated more than 1500 MBA and undergraduate students over the past 45 years
through its MBA program focusing on the food industry and its undergraduate
pathway, which addresses issues of food, hunger, and sustainability.  By
evolving our name to - the  **Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship
(CFIE)** the center’s research will continue to focus on a broad array of
issues related to the food industry, including quality assurance, consumer
preferences, risk management, food insecurity, and food loss and waste.

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CFIE) reflects our
commitment to innovation and entrepreneurship in our educational and research
programs. Many of our MBA students are interested in studying innovation and
entrepreneurship in the food industry and applying what they have learned to
develop business opportunities either as entrepreneurs themselves or with
their companies. Likewise, our research projects, while innovative themselves,
often point to innovation and entrepreneurship as solutions to the
opportunities and challenges within the food industry. The name change will
help the Center to strengthen our connections within Silicon Valley, where
many of the innovations are developed, as well as with other communities, such
as Salinas Valley and elsewhere in California and the world.  We do this by
collaborating with partners who are focused on innovation and entrepreneurship
in the food industry in the classroom and through events, internships, and
joint research projects as well as a strong advisory board of food industry
leaders.

_“The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship builds on our 45-year
history of education and scholarship in the food and agribusiness industry. We
will continue our strong partnership with industry leaders while forging new
partnerships with the innovators and entrepreneurs who are working to make the
industry more efficient, sustainable, and attentive to consumers’ needs,” said
Dr. Gregory Baker, Executive Director, Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship._

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship is uniquely positioned at
Santa Clara University to take advantage of the proximity to Silicon Valley
with its innovative culture and California’s world-class agriculture, where
many of the innovations are tested and deployed. CFIE’s mission to educate
leaders in food innovation with a focus on responsible resource management,
sustainability, food insecurity, and animal welfare, aligns with the
University’s mission to educate leaders who will build a more human, just, and
sustainable world.

CFIE is dedicated to learning and scholarship that contributes to advancing
innovation and entrepreneurship in the food industry. Graduates of the program
will have the imagination, problem-solving skills, and expertise to address
the industry’s greatest opportunities and challenges through innovative and
entrepreneurial business solutions. The Center pays special attention to
issues of responsible resource management, sustainability, animal welfare,
climate change, and food insecurity. CFIE will focus on developing businesses
that are meaningful, profitable, entrepreneurial and attentive to social
justice while providing students a curriculum that includes classes taught by
successful entrepreneurs, industry leaders, and creative thinkers. One of the
hallmarks of the program will be opportunities to engage in experiential
learning whereby students work on issues and projects by partnering with
industry leaders in the classroom, at their businesses, or on study tours.

Learn more about the [Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](https://www.scu.edu/business/fai/)

**About Leavey School of Business**

Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu/business/](http://www.scu.edu/business/).

**About Santa Clara University**

Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located 40
miles south of San Francisco in California’s Silicon Valley, offers its more
than 9,000 student’s rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences,
business, and engineering; master’s degrees in business, education, counseling
psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and engineering
doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest graduation
rates among all U.S. master’s universities, California’s oldest operating
higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of ethics and
social justice. For more information, see [www.scu.edu](http://www.scu.edu).

**Media Contact**

Deborah Lohse| SCU Media Relations | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121

###### Dec 18, 2018

LSB, News & Events Home, CFIE

418560

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

