Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/lsb-welcomes-new-executive-director-for-cie.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. LSB Welcomes New Executive Director for CIE 

![Chris Norris, Executive Director of the Community of Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/Norris-
header-700x400.png)

Chris Norris, Executive Director of the Community of Innovation and
Entrepreneurship

## LSB Welcomes New Executive Director for CIE

Christopher Norris has been named the Executive Director of Santa Clara
University's Community of Innovation and Entrepreneurship.

Santa Clara University is elevating an ambitious commitment to advancing a
culture of innovation and entrepreneurship through a University-wide
initiative for Innovation and Entrepreneurship.

**What better place than in the epicenter of innovation, the Silicon Valley?**

We are pleased to announce that Christopher Norris will assume the role as the
Executive Director, Community of Innovation and Entrepreneurship for Santa
Clara University.

Chris is a CEO, entrepreneur and consultant with a proven track record of
building companies and leading organizations.  His expertise is built around
years of direct, hands-on experience innovating, delivering products to the
market, and building diverse, high performing teams.

Mr. Norris joined Alta Devices, a solar cell manufacturer, in May of 2008 as
President and CEO shortly after its founding.  He led the company through
multiple rounds of financing, raising over $100M, ultimately leading the
company to a successful acquisition in 2014.  Prior to Alta Devices, he was a
Venture Partner at Blue Run Ventures, focused on hardware investments.  Chris
was the President and CEO at Micro Display Corporation, and led the
transformation of the company from chip maker to high definition TV (HDTV)
manufacturer.

Chris started his career at Intel, where he worked in both manufacturing and
development.  He has 7 issued patents, a Bachelor’s in Electrical Engineering
and a Master’s in Computer Engineering.

For leisure, Chris is a long-distance runner, bicyclist, and swimmer, off-road
motorcyclist, private pilot, avid home brewer, BJCP beer judge and amateur
chef. And an enthusiastic user of new technologies and devices.

“I’m joining SCU because I want to have a broader and more profound impact on
the next generation than I can achieve as CEO of any one company," said Chris.
"The CIE, with its new scope spanning all of the colleges of SCU, is a unique
opportunity to combine the breadth of disciplines at the University, the
Jesuit mission of service to others, and our location in the most innovative
region of the world into a program that will enable SCU’s students to have
generations-long impact on improving the world.”

♦

The University envisions a new Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship
(CIE).  In addition to continuing many of the fruitful programs and activities
already established in the areas of innovation and entrepreneurship, CIE will
promote three remarkable initiatives that will set it apart from other
university centers of entrepreneurship and elevate our impact throughout the
world.  This transformative plan will infuse all elements with the values and
spirit of the Jesuit tradition and institute a truly integrated and unified
educational platform across the entire University.

Those initiatives follow:

  * The Jesuit Perspective
  * Extreme Authenticity in New Learning Experiences
  * The Entrepreneurial Mindset

Jesuit education has distinguished itself in many ways from the business
education offered by non-Jesuit business schools worldwide. This
distinctiveness, grounded in Ignatian spirituality, includes an emphasis on
five key themes:

  * The development of the moral and spiritual character of the manager
  * The responsibility to use one's managerial skills for the benefit of "others"
  * A concern for the welfare of employees in the manager's organization
  * A focus on the social impact of business and organizational decisions
  * A special concern for the poor and marginalized frequently left out of the economy

We have reason to believe that Santa Clara University—executing against this
plan—will be the first undergraduate institution in the country to provide
this kind of values-based collaborative, interdisciplinary education.

**About Leavey School of Business**  
Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
www.scu.edu/business/.



###### Nov 12, 2018

LSB, Top Home, News & Events Home,

412684

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

