Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/the-dark-side-of-institutional-intermediaries.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. The Dark Side of Institutional Intermediaries 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/research/t4_7689733711093857307-v2-760x550-3.jpg)

## The Dark Side of Institutional Intermediaries

Less Than Optimal Investments, Institutional Conflict

Professor Bob Eberhart addresses startups that are created through
intermediaries, and how that can help at first but can also hold them back.

Junior stock exchanges can cause investors to ignore potentially better
investments. And intermediaries such as incubators, accelerators, and science
parks can be invaluable in launching new firms, but they also introduce
“conflict” that can limit the growth of these firms.

Those are the conclusions of new research by Assistant Professor Robert N.
Eberhart, Santa Clara University, and Associate Professor Charles E. Eesley,
Stanford University, published this week (September 15, 2018) in the Strategic
Management Society’s  _Strategic Management_  Journal (SMJ).

Junior stock markets play an important role because they can ease the path to
an IPO. But because the new exchanges usually restrict investment to
technology firms, they may motivate early stage investors to favor newly
founded technology firms over more optimal investments in non-technology
firms.  

The prior norms of investing in the best opportunity come into conflict with
the newly introduced norm of risky technology investment.  Overall growth is
lowered owing to the possibility that without the skills to execute due
diligence in this new arena, less worthy firms are funded.

“For investors,” write the authors, ”the enthusiasm for technology firms
engendered by a new exchange can motivate investment in marginal firms to
maintain an adequate deal flow…

“For entrepreneurs, our results indicate that it is more challenging to manage
technology firm growth when intermediaries make IPOs easier to obtain.

“Finally, for policy-makers and supporters of the new exchanges, our results
imply that . . .unless listing standards remain high, the virtuous cycle of
investment upon which a health entrepreneurial climate rests may be disrupted
to mute the intended effects of the new exchange.”

Intermediaries, including junior stock markets, entrepreneurship training, and
government funding agencies are expanding at an increasing rate.

“They assist entrepreneurs by linking parties to bring about activities that
would not readily happen in their absence,” write the authors. “Recent studies
show how economic development efforts, private service firms, and science
parks in emerging nations support the creation of new firms through
certification of a new firm’s abilities, facilitating access to resources, and
fostering the creation of functioning markets.”

For example, a recent study found that science parks not only provided direct
funding to socially connected funders, they also offered a way for less
connected entrepreneurs to become certified and thus facilitated access to
government funding.

And the certification of new privately owned power plants plans by government
inspectors can legitimize the emerging industrial sector for investors and
other stakeholders facilitating investment in new firms.

The question is whether such intermediaries always foster new firm growth.

A new intermediary, say the authors, introduces conflict between the new
practices of the intermediary and the practices of the existing institutional
environment. One major conflict is that intermediaries may be far less risk-
averse than the companies they are serving. They may also value business
practices over other considerations important to the institution.

In addition to causing conflicts and the problems of investing in marginal
firms and limited future liquidity, another issue of intermediaries is a
“means-ends decoupling of actions from intentions.”

“Means-ends decoupling focuses on actors that either cannot anticipate or
cannot understand the outcomes that their actions will bring,” write the
authors. While they may intend to comply with the relevant norms and
practices, managers and staff may not know how to comply or for them the link
between actions and outcomes is too complex.  Consequently  _intentions_  and
_actions  _are  _decoupled_.  

In the case of non-profits, because they are staffed by individuals skilled in
the social purpose of the organization, they may fail to implement audits or
other business procedures because they lack the skills or knowledge to
implement the required policies.

The institutional conflict created by the introduction of business practices
can alter the activities that charities pursue because they now serve business
interests that conflict with the incumbent practice of action for the benefit
of social causes.

“In another example,” write the authors, “non-profits face conflict when the
new practices of business discipline on spending are introduced to encourage
sustainability but conflict with incumbent values of charitable operations.”

The  **Strategic Management Journal**  ( **SMJ** ) is the official journal of
the  **Strategic Management Society (SMS)**  and published by Wiley. The SMS
is comprised of 3,000 academics, business practitioners, and consultants from
80 countries and focuses on the development and dissemination of insights on
the strategic management process. SMJ, which publishes 13 issues per year, is
consistently rated one of the top publications in the management area and
publishes papers that are selected through a rigorous double-blind review
process.

Contact:  
Virgil Renzulli  
602 570-5157  
[VRenzulli@VVZstratcom.com](mailto:VRenzulli@VVZstratcom.com)



###### Sep 12, 2018

LSB, News & Events Home,

398157

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

