Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/thecourse/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# The Course

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [About LSB](/business/about/)
  4. [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/)
  5. [Conscientious Capitalism](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)
  6. The Course 

## Conscientious Capitalism Course

The course, Conscientious Capitalism, was designed to prepare students for the
lifelong journey of personal leadership as well as leadership within
organizations as they advance through their lives and careers. Students will
develop a perspective, framework, and foundation so they can lead from a place
of purpose, virtues, priorities, and accountability.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/See-
Saw_Final-360x181.png)

  

_**The Course: Conscientious Capitalism**  
_ An initial cohort of 21 seniors have been accepted into the course and will
engage in 10 weeks of inspiring guest lectures, provocative case studies and
intensive personal leadership development.

##### Course Description

__

**Course Description**

Personal virtues have always driven leadership in business as in all walks of
life. We decide, act and lead from our core beliefs, deepest values and
priorities. How effectively we act and lead then depends on our skills,
experiences and attributes as we advance through our lives and careers.
**Conscientious Capitalism** is the application of personal virtue, purpose
and accountability to individual leadership of business organizations and to
the critical decisions that inspire employees and companies to drive
innovation, market leadership and profits through the serving of employees,
customers, stakeholders and community.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Tight-Rope-360x132.jpg)



This course is designed to inspire and teach students to lead themselves and
others in a business and social environment undergoing dramatic and
increasingly rapid change. We will accomplish this first through an
understanding of the principles and outcomes of democratic capitalism as
presented in case studies of important events. Students will develop their own
perspectives on democratic capitalism by exploring the decisions and the
underlying values that drove innovation and advancements that benefited
stakeholders and society. Further, students will evaluate outcomes within
Democratic Capitalism where decisions and different values took advantage of
our “free” system for personal gains at the expense of stakeholders and
society.

Additionally, students will gain insights from the personal stories, successes
and challenges of successful and conscientious leaders in today’s business
world along with the virtues and leadership frameworks each leader used in
their journey. Finally, students will bring these learnings and perspectives
into small “Leadership Development Teams”, led by an experienced mentor, where
each student will use tools and a framework to explore lessons from their own
life stories, as well as discern their own unique values, purpose and
priorities.

This course only begins the journey. The goal of the course is to inspire
students to commit to a lifelong journey of discernment, action and more
powerful leadership of themselves and others.

This course will count as five credits and is open to seniors in a business
related major or minor.



##### Course Context

__

**Context:**

Technological advances, an integrated global marketplace and a seismic
unleashing of entrepreneurial creativity have created enormous advances in how
the world works, lives, and plays.  

But these forces have put extraordinary pressures on companies to perform
exceptionally, innovate rapidly, and produce more immediate results. Under
these market pressures, many leaders and companies have lost their ability to
invest for the longer term, in turn yielding devastating effects to their
company culture, and ability to sustain their competitive position against new
and nimbler competitors.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/communication-
tools-A-360x348.jpg)



At no time in history has the pressure on each of us to perform at our highest
level and at any cost been greater. Deciding, acting and leading ourselves and
others have never been more difficult. Given modern social infrastructures and
other information technologies, business is a 24-hour a day game and to win
the game, we must out-think, out-create, and out-hustle our competition in
timeframes that were unimaginable only one generation ago. There are few rules
in this competitive world, no playbook on corporate and personal boundaries
and few 'norms' of personal behavior that guide the hours we spend in
relationships versus in our own tasks, our expectations of the results of
others, and, chiefly, our expectations for how we live our lives.  This
relentless focus on producing results affects C-suite, managers, and shop
floor alike and leaves little time to unplug and think, DISCERN what are our
real PRIORITIES, and discover what is our PURPOSE.

Within this rapidly changing environment, new ways of working, communicating,
innovating and leading are developing; many are healthy, some are not. But
from earliest history, throughout periods of disruptive change, are also some
principles, ideas and virtues that do not change but help us adapt while
preserving our ability to connect with ourselves and with others.



##### Leadership Development Teams

__

Students investment in the Leadership Development Team (LDT) process is THE
critical focal point of the Conscientious Capitalism Course. It is work within
the LDT’s where each student learns two critical life skills required for
Conscientious leadership:

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Apply-What-You-
Learn-360x360.jpg)



  1. Discovering, sharing, developing and living their authentic Virtues, Purpose and Priorities.
  2. Sharing and supporting the Virtues, Purpose and Priorities of others.

## **Ten Steps define the LDT Process:**

### **_Knowing Myself_**

  1. Discerning My Life Story: Creating the mural of People, Events, Experiences that shaped my life.
  2. My Autobiography-Listening to My Life: Discerning not only events, but the lessons learned from my life story.
  3. Who Am I Today? Identifying Virtues, Attributes and Disordered Attachments that are uniquely mine.

### **_Developing Myself_**

  1. My Priorities: Identifying the most important extrinsic and intrinsic priorities that drive my life.
  2. Intentionality: Identifying the critical actions that will allow me to achieve my priorities.
  3. Accountability: Creating a clear, honest self-assessment to inform me and those supporting me on my progress.

### **_Applying Myself_**

  1. Building My Support Team: Recognizing, using and honoring the power of others in my life.
  2. Why Me? Using my unique and authentic attributes and virtues in real life situations.
  3. My Purpose: Uncovering the deepest desire in my heart that instinctively drives my actions each day.
  4. Leading Myself: Committing to lifelong discernment, sharing and growth.

##### Harvard Business School (HBS) Case Studies

__

The goal of the case studies is for students to learn from the most critical
business and policy decisions of our times by encountering real life
situations, both individually and as a group, that confront their core beliefs
and educate them to the real-world challenges they face in applying their
virtues and priorities in leading others.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/conscientious-
capitalism/HBSCases-325x397.png)



## Examples of Harvard Business School Cases used in the course:

“Howard Shultz: Building Starbucks Community” by Bill George and Andrew N.
McLean

“Coach K: A Matter of Heart” by Scott A. Snook, Leslie A. Perlow, and Brian J.
Delacey

“Coach Knight: The Will to Win” by Scott A. Snook, Leslie A. Perlow, and Brian
J. Delacey

“Kennedy and the Bay of Pigs” by Stephen Bates

“The Fall of Enron” by Paul M. Healy and Krishna G. Palepu

“PepsiCo, Profits, and Food: The Belt Tightens” by Joseph L. Badaracco, Jr.
and Matthew Preble



##### Guest Speakers

__

Several the country’s foremost leaders in their field share their personal
stories-describing what shaped them personally and professionally as well as
how they responded to critical decisions in their lives. The intimacy, honesty
and humility of each leader will inspire students to unlock their own stories,
discover their own unique gifts and find the courage to be their authentic
selves regardless of pressures in their lives.

## Examples of Guest Speakers for the Course

John Donahoe, CEO of ServiceNow, former CEO of Ebay

Howard Behar, Former President of Starbucks

Admiral Eric Olson, Former Commander Navy SEALs and USSOCOM

Eff Martin, Former Partner-High Technology at Goldman Sachs

Nanci Caldwell, Former Senior Executive at HP

Scott Kriens, Former CEO/Current Chairman of Juniper Network

Mike Lee, Founder/CEO of MyFitnessPal

Kevin Mandia, CEO of FireEye

Payal Kadakia, Founder/Executive Chairman of ClassPass

David Krane, CEO of Google Ventures

Dick Boyce, Former Partner at TPG Capital, Former CEO of JCrew



[Conscientious Capitalism Sections __](/business/about/strategic-
priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)[Conscientious
Capitalism](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)

  * [Conscientious Capitalism](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)
  * [Leadership](/business/about/leadership/)
  * [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/)
    * [Conscientious Capitalism](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)
      * [Our Story](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/about/)
      * The Course
      * [What People Are Saying](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/forums/)
      * [The Application](https://goo.gl/forms/Z7LasDlhiXq2ehHv1)
    * [Women’s Economic Empowerment](/business/about/strategic-priorities/womens-initiative/)
    * [Real Estate Initiative](/business/about/strategic-priorities/real-estate-initiative/)
    * [Global Jesuit Business Ethics Conference](/business/about/strategic-priorities/cjbe-conferen-ce/)
  * [Lucas Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
  * [Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/)
  * [Faculty Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/)
  * [Staff Directory](/business/about/staff/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[ABOUT](/business/about/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Leadership](/business/about/leadership/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership")
  * [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Strategic Priorities")
  * [Lucas Hall](/business/about/lucashall/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Lucas Hall")
  * [Faculty Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Faculty Governance")
  * [Staff Directory](/business/about/staff/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Staff Directory")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

