Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/about/strategic-priorities/cjbe-conferen-ce/call-for-papers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Call For Papers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [About LSB](/business/about/)
  4. [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/)
  5. [Global Jesuit Business Ethics Conference](/business/about/strategic-priorities/cjbe-conferen-ce/)
  6. Call For Papers 

## CJBE  

### **The Ethics of Disruption: New Technologies  ** **and New Governance
Structures**  

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Our-Story-
theory-360x336-360x334.jpg)

Disruptive technologies are ones that by definition alter the way we live and
do business. As a result, we face distinctive and underexplored questions in
ethics and business. For example: How can meaning in work be preserved as
jobs, tasks, and roles increasingly become automated? What rights do
individuals have with respect to data collected about themselves? How can
organizations increase the willingness of users to trust disruptive
technologies (e.g. the willingness of patients to trust a robotic surgical
system that may be more effective than a human surgeon)? How can we assess the
trustworthiness of organizations promoting new technologies? How can our
current understanding of property rights make sense of user data? How can we
make sense of privacy and consent in the era of big data? And so on.

The purpose of this conference is in part to examine how the Ignatian
tradition and Catholic Social Teaching can enrich the teaching of business
ethics in general, and topics related to the ethics of disruption in
particular.  But submissions need not all be from a Jesuit perspective. We
welcome contributions from a wide variety of disciplinary perspectives
including, but not limited to business ethics, strategy, organizational
behavior, marketing, finance, law, engineering, neuroscience, public policy,
entrepreneurship, philosophy, religion, history, psychology, sociology,
anthropology, etc.

The conference is designed to be stimulating to both academics and
practitioners interested in the ethics and business dimensions of disruptive
technologies. Thus, the first day is devoted to afternoon visits by academics
to two Silicon Valley businesses for discussions with executives.  The second
day is devoted to a series of talks and panels featuring both leading Silicon
Valley executives and academics. The third day is devoted to the presentation
of academic papers on the concerns described in this call for papers.  The
conference will end with a festive dinner on Saturday evening, July 13.

The conference is co-sponsored by the Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara
University, the Colleagues in Business Education (CJBE - USA), and the
Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University.  The previous
two Jesuit global conferences on the teaching of business ethics were
sponsored by The Gov. Jose B. Fernandez Jr. Ethics Center at the Ateneo de
Manila University, Philippines (host 2017) and the Lassalle-Institute, Kanton
Zug, Switzerland (host 2018).  While participation is sought from all parts of
the world, we particularly encourage participation from North, Central, and
South America.

##### Submission Topics

__

#### Please submit an abstract of 500 words or less (excluding citations), on
any of the following (or closely related) topics:

  * The concerns of business ethics in the age of disruptive technology
  * The ethics (and potential benefits) of specific innovations: autonomous vehicles and weapons, drones, robots, smartphones, artificial intelligence decision systems, blockchain, etc.
  * Social media ethics and practices
  * Privacy, consent, and property rights: the ethics of big data
  * Labor market disruptions: the role and responsibilities of businesses, NGOs, and governments
  * Meaning and significance of work in the face of automation and artificial intelligence
  * The impact of new technologies on human spirituality, purpose, meaning
  * How ethical leadership can help manage disruptive technology
  * Law, crime and disruptive technology
  * What to do in the absence of law and of global standards
  * Rethinking management education in relation to disruptive technologies
  * Rethinking management education with insights from the Ignatian tradition or Catholic Social Teaching
  * How Ignatian tradition or Catholic Social Teaching can help manage disruptive technology
  * Other related topics

##### Submission Process and Deadlines

__

To have a **paper** considered for this conference, please submit an abstract
of 500 words or less (excluding citations) **by March 1, 2019**.   Please
include the title of your presentation, your name, professional title, and
institution with your submission, as well as a short biographical statement of
not more than 200 words.

In addition to papers, the conference organizers will consider proposals for
**panels** to discuss any of the related topics listed above.   Please list
the participants in the panel with their titles and institutions and a short
biographical statement, as well as an abstract of not more than 500 words
describing the topic to be addressed by the panel.

Most successful submissions will be scheduled for presentation on Saturday,
July 13, during the “academic day” of the conference.  Parallel sessions will
be organized.

Papers and panels accepted for the conference will be announced **by April 15,
2019**.  

Questions regarding conference papers may be addressed to:
conferencepapers@scu.edu

##### Other Details

__

Presentation of the papers at the conference will be limited to 10 minutes
each so that there can be questions from a respondent and other participants
and substantial interaction among those presenting.  Presenters may use
PowerPoint or video if desired.

A conference academic committee will select the successful papers and panels
and create the schedule for the conference.  The committee consists of Vikram
Bhargava of the Leavey School of Business, Kirk Hanson of the Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics, Joan Lee of Fairfield University and Sarah Cabral of
Boston College, both representing CJBE.  Ann Skeet of the Markkula Center will
assist in the design of the “corporate day” of panels and speeches.

A modest conference fee will be charged to cover housing and food.  Please see
the logistics page for more detail.  No travel grants are available to
participants.

[About LSB Sections __](/business/about/)[About LSB](/business/about/)

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)
  * [Leadership](/business/about/leadership/)
  * [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/)
    * [Conscientious Capitalism](/business/about/strategic-priorities/conscientious-capitalism/)
    * [Women’s Economic Empowerment](/business/about/strategic-priorities/womens-initiative/)
    * [Real Estate Initiative](/business/about/strategic-priorities/real-estate-initiative/)
    * [Global Jesuit Business Ethics Conference](/business/about/strategic-priorities/cjbe-conferen-ce/)
      * [Event Logistics](/business/about/strategic-priorities/cjbe-conferen-ce/event-logistics/)
      * Call For Papers
  * [Lucas Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
  * [Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/)
  * [Faculty Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/)
  * [Staff Directory](/business/about/staff/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

[ABOUT](/business/about/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Leadership](/business/about/leadership/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership")
  * [Strategic Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Strategic Priorities")
  * [Lucas Hall](/business/about/lucashall/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Lucas Hall")
  * [Faculty Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Faculty Governance")
  * [Staff Directory](/business/about/staff/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Staff Directory")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

