Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/internships/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Internships & Externships

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  5. Internships & Externships 

#### Sophomore Accounting Externship Programs

Many CPA firms organize externship or leadership programs that occur during
the summer following the sophomore year. These programs typically last 1-3
days and usually take place at the firm’s local office (though some programs
will also send select students to a national conference where they can
interact with deserving accounting majors from other universities). During
these programs, you will learn about career opportunities in accounting,
engage in leadership and teamwork events, and interact with industry
professionals. Firms share information about their culture and get to know
participants through various activities. These externships are often used to
identify students that a firm would like to invite as interns during the
summer following the junior year.

To apply for an externship, the CPA firms will typically interview sophomores
sometime in February, March, or April in an on-campus interview. Some firms
may require a second interview. Students who do not live near Santa Clara
during the summer could attend externships near their homes in other parts of
the country.

#### Junior Accounting Internship Programs

Many CPA firms offer summer internships to accounting majors. These summer
internships are full-time (40-hour per week) internships that generally last
for 6-8 weeks during the summer. Interns are paid the same hourly wage as
newly hired full-time CPAs and usually work on the same projects as first-year
associates. At the end of the summer internship, most interns are offered a
full-time job upon graduation (with the proviso that the offer can be
withdrawn if the student’s grades fall below the firm’s minimum standards).
Over 70% of SCU accounting majors find their full-time jobs through this
internship process.

Students can get internships two ways:

      1. By participating in sophomore externships
      2. Through the fall interview process.

Students who participate in summer externship programs (see above) may receive
offers to return as interns the following year. Students who do not receive
offers in connection with the externship program (or decide to seek other
opportunities) interview for junior accounting internships in October of their
junior year. To prepare for the interviews, the SCU Accounting Association
hosts many events, including resume critiques, mock interviews, and Meet-The-
Firms Night.

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
    * [Accounting Association](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/accounting-association/)
    * [Recruiting Events](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/recruiting-events/)
    * [Career Planning](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/career-planning/)
    * [Scholarships](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/scholarships/)
    * Internships & Externships
    * [Recruiting Rules](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/recruiting/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

