Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/news-stories/scu-accounting-department-grows-by-two.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. News Stories
  5. SCU Accounting Department Grows by Two 

![Joe Maglione '77 and Brian Dela Pena '01 join the Accounting Department for
the 2018-19 year.](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/2018-19-New-Faculty-760x400.jpg)

Joe Maglione '77 and Brian Dela Pena '01 join the Accounting Department for
the 2018-19 year.

## SCU Accounting Department Grows by Two

The Accounting Department has welcomed two new faculty members to its ranks
this year: Joe Maglione '77 and Brian Dela Pena '01.

The Accounting Department has welcomed two new faculty members to its ranks
this year: Joe Maglione '77 and Brian Dela Pena '01.

![Accounting Advisory Board member Joseph Maglione head shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/accounting/Joseph-Maglione-200x200.jpg)

Joe Maglione '77 is one of our newest faculty members. He has been a part of
the Accounting Department in a variety of ways for almost 45 years. As a
student, he graded for former University President, Father Paul Locatelli's
Cost Accounting course, and won the O. Robert Anderson Award as the top
accounting student of his graduating class.

Joe joined Deloitte Haskins & Sells (now simply known as Deloitte) after
graduation and remained there for 41 years, advancing to partner. He was one
of the founding members of the Accounting Department Advisory Board, and has
served actively from 1988, when the board was formed, until retirement from
Deloitte in 2018. He will be continuing on the Board in an Emeritus role.

Joe met his wife, Celia ’77 (English and History) at Santa Clara. Their
daughter Leslie '06, J.D. '09, (English and Philosophy) and son Jay '13
(Accounting) also attended SCU. Their second daughter, Erica, graduated from
Villanova with a degree in Accounting. Currently, Erica works with EY in
London, and Leslie works as an attorney specializing in governmental law for
the city of Mountain View. Jay is with a private startup, and is keeping Joe
busy on weekends – they are rehabilitating an old Victorian in San Francisco
together.

Some people might have seized on retirement as a time to take it easy, but Joe
has instead taken on the challenge of introducing students to financial
accounting. During fall 2018, he is leading a multi-level class of non-
business students with a variety of minors (Entrepreneurship, International
Business, Retail Studies, Real Estate and others) through the mysteries of
financial statement preparation and interpretation. In the winter and spring,
he will teach financial accounting for business majors.

Joe says the move to the classroom has presented several challenges,
especially with the different class levels and interests of his students. The
number of hours of prep for each lecture is high – distilling a wealth of
information into the time available in a quarter isn’t easy, and Joe is taking
some extra time to tailor the course project to fit the students’ minors.
Nonetheless, he is up for the challenge and plans to continue. Besides the
interaction with students, Joe says one of the best aspects has been the warm
welcome he has received from other faculty. We are delighted to have him and
hope he will be teaching at Santa Clara for a long time!

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/brian-dela-pena-200x200.jpg)

Brian Dela Pena '01 joined the Accounting Department as an adjunct faculty in
Fall 2018. He will be teaching ACTG 20 during the 2018-19 academic year. Brian
graduated from Santa Clara University in 2001 with a degree in accounting.

Through October 2018, he was the assistant corporate controller at Dropbox
where he had the opportunity to help lead the company through its initial
public offering (IPO), completed in March 2018. In November, he joined VMware
and is the controller of accounting operations where he leads all global
accounting and finance operations for the company. Brian has spent his career
working in the San Francisco Bay Area in technology companies. Besides
Dropbox, after graduation, he worked in the San Jose office of EY (where he
worked on the Google audit and IPO), Adobe, Cisco, and VMware.

Outside of work, Brian is a competitive runner and spends his free time
training for various races of all distances from 5km to 10km to half and full
marathons. He also enjoys world travel, eating, Japanese Whiskey, and most of
all, spending time with his family and friends.



###### Sep 1, 2018

Business, Silicon Valley, Undergraduate, LSB

LSB, ACTG, Home, Accountant 18

421274

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

