Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/news-stories/message-from-the-new-department-chair-haidan-li.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. News Stories
  5. Message from the New Department Chair: Haidan Li 

![Associate Professor of Accounting Haidan Li Head
Shot](/media/public/people/li-haidan_7640-1-360x475-3.jpg)

Associate Professor of Accounting Haidan Li Head Shot

## Message from the New Department Chair: Haidan Li

A message from the chair of the Accounting Department, Haidan Li, who took up
her post at the beginning of the 2018-19 academic year.

I took on my new role as the chair of the Accounting Department in September
2018.  Professor Yongtae Kim stepped down from this position after three years
of outstanding leadership to take a much-earned sabbatical.  We are all very
grateful for his hard work and commitment, and I look forward to maintaining
and building upon the success our department has achieved over the past years.

This past June, we graduated 93 students, of which 75 were Accounting majors
and 18 were Accounting and Information Systems majors.  The senior survey
reveals a consistently high job placement rate and internship participation of
our graduates.  In 2018, 84% of our students had accepted a position by spring
of the senior year; 94% of seniors participated in an internship and 42%
reported multiple internships by senior year.

An additional 110 students graduated from our Certificate of Advanced
Accounting Proficiency (CAAP) program, which allows individuals with non-
accounting degrees who are seeking either a career change or career
enhancement to obtain knowledge in the accounting area.  The CAAP program has
continued to grow and improve its quality, and this year is no exception.

In addition to being strongly committed to our teaching mission, our faculty
continue to produce high quality and impactful research. Professor Yongtae Kim
received the University’s highest award for scholarly achievement for his
dedicated and prolific scholarship on important issues in accounting and
finance. Professor Kim has published numerous articles in top-tier peer-
reviewed journals.  His work regarding opportunistic financial reporting
behavior has contributed to both academic literature and practice, helping
regulators better understand the motives of firms engaging in earnings
management.

The Center for Accounting Research and Education (CARE), directed by Professor
Michael Calegari, has organized many successful events, including multiple
career fairs, accounting information events, and award ceremonies.  These
events help develop relationships among accounting students, faculty, and
Silicon Valley accounting professionals, in addition to promoting the
accounting program to business students.  The center hired a new senior
administrative assistant, Linda Zuccaro, in August 2018.  Linda received a
BSEE from Washington State University and has previously worked with
engineering and software companies in quality assurance testing, product
marketing, and product management.

One of the challenges facing the department is how to integrate data analytics
into the accounting curriculum, as data analytics has become an increasingly
important part of the accounting profession.  We have created a Curriculum
Review Committee this year to review the curriculum with a focus on
incorporating data analytics into our program.  The committee is also tasked
to ensure that our program meets the new AACSB accreditation standards
regarding curricular mandates.  As always, we will reach out to the Accounting
Department Advisory Board for advice.

In closing, I would like to thank all of you who contribute your time and
financial support to our program.  Your generous support is critical to our
ability to attract high quality students and faculty and enables us to foster
relations with our local employer/professional community.  We greatly
appreciate all continued and new support!

* * *

**Short Bio**

Haidan Li is an Associate Professor of Accounting at Santa Clara University.
She joined SCU in 2008 after serving as an Assistant Professor of Accounting
at the University of Iowa. She received her Ph.D. in accounting from the
University of Texas at Austin.

Haidan’s research relates to the use of accounting information for decision
making with a focus on financial accounting and corporate governance.  She has
published papers in leading scholarly journals including _Journal of
Accounting and Economics, Contemporary Accounting Research, Review of
Accounting Studies,_ and _Journal of Law and Economics_.   She has been
recognized with the American Accounting Association Competitive Manuscript
Award, the Outstanding Paper Award at the Literati Network Awards for
Excellence, and the Moskowitz Prize for Socially Responsible Investing,
Honorable Mention.  Her work has also been featured in the business press
including the _Wall Street Journal._  

Haidan’s teaching interests are primarily in financial accounting.  She has
received the Professor of the Year Award from the Santa Clara University
Accounting Association and the Outstanding Faculty Award by the Leavey School
of Business, ACE Leadership Program.



###### Sep 1, 2018

Business, Silicon Valley, Undergraduate, LSB

LSB, ACTG, Home, Accountant 18

421267

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

