Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/careers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Careers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. Careers 

Accounting majors have a variety of career paths from which to choose, ranging
from public accounting to financial planning and more.

Within public accounting, you can work for any sized firm, ranging from a
large, international CPA firm to a small local accounting practice. Within the
CPA firm, you can work in such areas as audit, tax, and management consulting.
The same holds true in business and industry, where you can choose careers in
companies of all sizes, working in diverse areas such as financial accounting
and reporting, management accounting, tax planning and compliance, financial
planning and analysis, and corporate finance. Accountants can also provide
services in specialized areas of accounting like business valuation, personal
financial planning, IT consulting, and financial forensics (i.e., criminal
investigation). Within government, you can create a path to success at either
the federal, state, or local level. Non-profit organizations also offer many
diverse opportunities.



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/marcom/research/pexels-
photo-2-360x200.jpg)

> "Employment of accountants and auditors is projected to grow 10 percent from
2016 to 2026, faster than the average for all occupations."

- [U.S. Bureau of Labor Stastics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/business-and-financial/accountants-and-auditors.htm#tab-6)



## Potential Accounting Careers

Below are some popular career choices for accounting or accounting and
information systems majors.

##### Public Accounting

__

This is one of the broadest accounting fields, as public accountants provide
accounting, tax, auditing, and consulting services for corporations,
governments, nonprofits, and individuals. Many public accountants are
Certified Public Accountants (CPAs), but they may concentrate their efforts on
a few services, such as financial statement assurance or tax planning and
compliance. Most accounting majors begin their professional careers with CPA
firms, which have deserved reputations for offering excellent training, annual
promotion, opportunities to take on large amounts of responsibilities very
early in a career, and a platform for launching careers in corporate
accounting, finance, consulting, entrepreneurship, government, management,
not-for-profits, and other areas.

##### Corporate Careers

__

Accountants in business and industry work for companies ranging from family-
owned businesses to Fortune 500 companies. They are considered strategic
business partners of their organizations and work in a variety of different
areas including financial accounting, corporate finance, financial planning
and analysis (FP&A), and tax accounting, as well as internal audit, computer
security, and investor relations. This career path often leads to highly
desired management positions such as Financial Controllers, Chief Financial
Officers, and Chief Executive Officers.

##### Government Careers

__

Accountants are employed by federal, state and local governments for a variety
of reasons. They work for government agencies as well as audit businesses and
individuals who are required to conform to government regulations or pay tax.
At the federal level, some examples of where CPAs work include the FBI, the
Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, and the General
Accounting Office.

##### Non-Profit

__

Accountants in not-for-profit (NFP) organizations provide the financial
information and guidance that these institutions need to determine that they
operate efficiently and effectively for their stakeholders. Whether an
accountant is on the staff of an NFP organization or serves in an advisory
capacity, he or she can help the organization set up an internal control
system, budget resources, craft strategic options, and prepare financial data
for fund raising.

## Spotlight: New Alumni Careers

Our recent graduates from the Class of 2018 are starting their careers at a
variety of companies, some of which are featured below:

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Patrick-De-
Guzman-200x200.jpg)

Accounting & Information Systems Major

Patrick De Guzman

 **PwC**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Connie-Chang-200x200.jpg)

Accounting Major

Connie Chang

 **Accenture**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/MatthewBettencourt-200x200.jpg)

Accounting & Information Systems Major

Matthew Bettencourt

 **KPMG**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Michelle-Wu-200x200.jpg)

Accounting & Information Systems Major

Michelle Wu

 **Ernst & Young**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Bryan-Chow-200x200.png)

Accounting Major

Bryan Chow

 **Barclays**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Grace-Momota-200x200.jpg)

Accounting Major

Grace Momota

 **Deloitte**

**Career Resources**

**[Undergraduate Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career
Center")**  
Use the Career Center as a hub for employment resources. Among their offerings
are: job listings, resume critiques, mock interviews, and even same-day
advising appointments.

**[Graduate Business Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career
Management")**  
GBCM offers consulting services, skill development programs, recruiting
events, and other resources for graduate students to facilitate successful
management of one's career and/or job search.

**Stay Connected**

**[Business School on LinkedIn  
](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634)** As an alumni of the Leavey School of
Business, you can join the [SCU School of
Business](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634) LinkedIn Group or follow our
Leavey School of Business [LinkedIn
page](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business/).

**[Santa Clara University Alumni Association](/alumni/ "Home » Home »
Alumni")**  
The University offers programming for alumni including reunions and
University-wide events (e.g. Vintage Santa Clara). See the SCU [Alumni
Association website](/alumni/ "Home » Home » Alumni") for more information.

[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * Careers
    * [CPA Information](/business/accounting/careers/cpa-information/)
    * [CAAP](/business/caap/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

