Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/womens-corporate-board-readiness-program.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program 

![WCBR Logo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/edc/womenx27s-corporate-board-
program/WCBR-homepage-760-400.png)

WCBR Logo

## Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program

On September 30, 2018, Governor Jerry Brown signed SB 826 into law, mandating
that there be at least one woman on the board of directors in California-based
companies by the end of 2019. The Silicon Valley Executive Center will launch
the Women's Corporate Board Readiness Program May 2, 2019.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.,** March. 20, 2019—On September 30, 2018, Governor Jerry
Brown signed [ SB
826](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billNavClient.xhtml?bill_id=201720180SB826)
into law, mandating that there be at least one woman on the board of directors
in California-based companies by the end of 2019—a number that will increase
to as many as three for certain companies over time.

To facilitate the professionalism and targeting of new board members who will
be added as part of  the new law and the current political environment, the
[Silicon Valley Executive Center](https://www.scu.edu/business/edc/) at Santa
Clara University is leveraging its expertise in corporate board governance and
requirements to launch a unique and differentiated program to prepare women to
take on these directorships.

**[Register
Now!](https://web.cvent.com/event/e3990ea2-aa39-4156-a5b4-38b6815e2ab9/regProcessStep1)**

The program will be called Women’s Corporate Board Readiness (WCBR). It is
soliciting women applicants who are high-performing, accomplished, and
ambitious and have already achieved much in their careers, and who desire to
take their talent, leadership, and executive skills to the next level by
serving on boards.

The Women’ Corporate Board Readiness program (WCBR) is designed for women with
a minimum of seven years of senior-level corporate or non-profit management
experience. It will  consist of a four day in-class experience, two webinars
and four exclusive hours of coaching.

**_Background_**

Organizations with women in leadership positions perform better than those
that don’t. They surpass others in social responsiveness, sustainability, and
financial performance. Recent evidence also indicates that companies with
female board members are more successful than those without women, a key
concern for organizational competitiveness.

The WCBR program will feature faculty who are highly successful women board
members and other experts in the field.

“This course allows you to learn the essential legal, regulatory, and
operating knowledge you will need to serve on boards of directors, and at the
same time connect with, and learn from, women who have achieved success as
board members” said **Theresa Strickland** , the program’s faculty director.

The course’s facilitators and mentors are highly successful women board
members and other experts in the field. Among one of the Women’s Corporate
Board Readiness facilitators is SB 826 co-author Betsy Berkhemer-Credaire.

“Our center prides itself on building programs in partnership with practicing
experts in the field, and this program is no exception. Many of our
facilitators, like Besty, bring critical learning value to our participants”
said **Dennis Lanham** , who leads the Silicon Valley Executive Center.

The inaugural session will launch May 2, 2019 and will accommodate 30
attendants.  

[**Register
Now**](https://web.cvent.com/event/e3990ea2-aa39-4156-a5b4-38b6815e2ab9/regProcessStep1)

**[Learn More](https://www.scu.edu/business/edc/individuals/womens-corporate-
board-readiness-program/)**

**About Leavey School of Business**  
Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
www.scu.edu/business.  
  
 **About Santa Clara University** **  
**Founded in 1851, Santa Clara University sits in the heart of Silicon
Valley—the world’s most innovative and entrepreneurial region. The
University’s stunningly landscaped 106-acre campus is home to the historic
Mission Santa Clara de Asís. Ranked the No. 1 regional university in the West
by U.S. News & World Report, SCU has among the best four-year graduation rates
in the nation and is rated by PayScale in the top 1 percent of universities
with the highest-paid graduates. SCU has produced elite levels of Fulbright
Scholars as well as four Rhodes Scholars. With undergraduate programs in arts
and sciences, business, and engineering, and graduate programs in six
disciplines, the curriculum blends high-tech innovation with social
consciousness grounded in the tradition of Jesuit, Catholic education.  For
more information see www.scu.edu **.**

**  
**Media Contact** **  
**Deborah Lohse | SCU Media Communications | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121**

###### Mar 25, 2019

LSB, Top Home, News & Events Home, EDC

437239

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

