Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cepi/current-ceps/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Work Life Balance

[View
More](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0ZsU9O8PLY&list=PL6QCzMdmq8Ub3Wfrzrd38GIKqawltLHjn)

# Current CEPs

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  4. Current CEPs 

Volunteer Opportunities within the CEPI

The CEPI is fortunate to have a dedicated group of volunteers who are well
respected in the industry. We could not possibly express all of the gratitude
we have for our volunteers; the program would not exist without them. We are
always looking for additional volunteers. If you are interested in
participating in any of the volunteer committee activities listed below,
please submit a volunteer application online through
[MyCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/).

CEPI volunteers must commit to two volunteer activities per year. All
volunteers will be given access to a full set of exam materials. New
volunteers must complete a brief online training session (approximately 15
minute webinar) and submit one Item (possible exam question).

CEPs who participate in volunteer committees will receive continuing education
credit towards their current requirements. One hour will be granted for every
hour of volunteer service. In addition, the $100 filing fee will be waived for
CEPs that fulfill more than 50% of their continuing education requirement
through volunteer activities. CEPs can volunteer to participate in three exam
related activities: Item Writing, Item Review or Standard Setting.

* * *

### Current Volunteer Areas:

##### Item Writing

__

**Teleconference Meetings only.** **Time commitment: 8-10 hours**

The CEPI hosts item or question writing panels annually. Panel members are
trained in item development and coached in writing consistent and high quality
items for the CEP exams. Panel members are selected to achieve a balance of
expertise reflective of the test specifications. After attending item writing
training or review, each item writer will be assigned approximately 15 items
to draft and submit to CEPI. On average it takes item writers approximately 30
minutes to draft and review an item.

Continuing Education Credit: A maximum of 10 hours of CE will be granted for
each session (spring or fall) of Item Writing.

##### Item Review

__

**Teleconference Meetings only. Time commitment: 8-10 hours**

This panel reviews items written by members of the item writing panels for
accuracy, consistency, format and overall appropriateness for the CEP
examinations. The panel meets via teleconference. Panel members are selected
to achieve a balance of expertise reflective of the test specifications.
Groups of approximately 25 items will be distributed to item review teams for
individual review and then each team will review their comments via
teleconference. It is estimated that each person will spend approximately 3
hours reviewing items prior to the discussion call which will last
approximately 3 hours.

Continuing Education Credit: A maximum of 10 hours of CE will be granted for
each session (spring or fall) of Item Review.

##### Standard Setting

__

**Teleconference Meetings. Time commitment: 8-10 hours**

Standard Setting Panels recommend a passing score for the recently
administered exams. Panels of approximately 10 CEPs for each of the three exam
levels meet by teleconference. Candidates are selected to achieve a balance of
expertise reflective of the test specifications as well as gender, cultural,
racial and geographic diversity. Individuals that have not participated in a
Standard Setting Panel will be required to attend a teleconference training
session led by our third-party testing program group, CPS. Training will be
scheduled as needed. Following each exam administration, each panel member
will receive the recently administered exam for review. Panel members will
have approximately one week to review and rank each item individually; then,
each panel will meet for a teleconference call (approximately 3 hours) to
review any discrepancies that they have in ratings.

It should take each panel member between 2 and 4 hours to review and rank an
exam individually plus another 3 hours for discussion

Continuing Education Credit: A maximum of 10 hours of CE will be granted for
each session (spring or fall) of Standard Setting.

![2018 Volunteer Excellence Recipients](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cepi/Volunteers-360x250.jpg)

#### Volunteer Excellence Awards

In 2008, the CEP Institute initiated the Volunteer Excellence Awards to
recognize volunteers that provide exceptional service and have demonstrated
sustained exemplary efforts over the past year.  The award recipients are
selected by the CEPI Advisory Board, and the awards are presented at the
Annual CEP Symposium.





[Certified Equity Professional Institute Sections
__](/business/cepi/)[Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)

  * [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  * [About Us](/business/cepi/about/)
  * [Become a CEP](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/)
  * Current CEPs 
    * [Continuing Education](/business/cepi/current-ceps/continuing-education/)
    * [Active Designees](/business/cepi/current-ceps/activelist/)
    * [Inactive Designees](/business/cepi/current-ceps/inactivelist/)
    * [MYCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/)
  * [Employers / Recruiters](/business/cepi/employers/)
  * [GPS Research Publications](/business/cepi/gpsproject/)
  * [CEP Annual Silicon Valley Symposium](/business/cepi/symposium/)
  * [Continuing Education Calendar](/business/cepi/calendar/)
  * [News and Events](/business/cepi/news/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cepi/contactus/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

