Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/careers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofEconomics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Careers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Economics](/business/economics/)
  4. Careers 

Economics graduates pursue varied careers in business, law, banking and
finance, government service, education, and private consulting.

While no course of study guarantees an interesting and lucrative job after
graduation, a degree in economics more than holds its own. A recent study
shows, for example, that the median earnings of both men and women who hold
bachelor's degrees in economics are higher than the earnings of those who hold
bachelor's degrees in business or other social sciences.

Although a bachelor's degree in economics, unlike an accounting or engineering
degree, does not prepare one for a particular job or career path, it opens up
a broad range of employment and career opportunities. A recent survey of SCU
alumni who majored in economics found that a large proportion worked in one of
the following industries: banking, corporate management, data analytics,
education (teaching and administration), financial planning and advising,
information technology, law, real estate, and sales and marketing.

![Unique Architecture](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/architecture-building-business-358667-360x240.jpg)

> "Over the next 8 years, demand for economists should come from the
increasing complexity of the global economy, additional financial regulations,
and a more competitive business environment."

- [U.S. Bureau of Labor Stastics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/life-physical-and-social-science/economists.htm#tab-6)



## Potential Economics Careers

Below are some popular career paths for SCU economics majors.

##### Data analytics

__

An SCU economics major will prepare you well for a job in data analytics; you
will learn the programming language R, which is widely used in the private and
public sectors. We also offer a concentration in data analysis; courses in
this concentration may include instruction in additional programming languages
such as Matlab and Python (talk to your faculty advisor about this
concentration if you are interested). Data analysts work in almost every
industry and are especially in demand in Silicon Valley. As a data analyst,
you could work for an established Silicon Valley technology company, e.g.,
Apple, Facebook, Google, Netflix, or Tesla, or potentially at a less
established company such as a Silicon Valley start-up.

##### Corporate management

__

Students interested in a career in management need to practice problem solving
skills, develop habits of logical thought, and learn to communicate
effectively. Economics major are challenged to do these things. A recent
survey of SCU alumni who have an economics degree found alumni hold the
following jobs: general manager, human resources manager, investment manager,
portfolio manager, product manager, and sport and entertainment manager
(Portions adapted from the American Economics Association's "Careers in
economics" webpage).

##### Banking and finance

__

A recent survey of SCU alumni with economics majors indicates that two of the
most common industries that our alumni work in are banking and finance.
Banking and finance companies located in the Bay Area include Charles Schwab,
Fisher Investments, PayPal, Square, Visa, and Wells Fargo. Based on the
survey, we found that alumni who work in this field hold the following jobs:
financial analyst, business owner, insurance broker, accountant, financial
advisor, and private wealth manager.

##### Graduate school in economics, business administration, or a related
field

__

An SCU economics majors will prepare you well to pursue an advanced degree
such as a Master in Business Administration (MBA), or a master’s degree or
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in economics or a related field, e.g., business
analytics finance, or political science. If you are considering pursuing such
a degree, we recommend talking to your faculty adviser about it as soon as
possible, as there may be specific electives you should take to prepare you
for graduate school.

##### Legal profession

__

If you are considering a career in law, an economics major is a helpful
undergraduate degree because it teaches analytical skills that complement the
skills taught in law school.  Further, many careers in law involve shaping
economic decisions: writing and interpreting contracts, supporting mergers and
acquisitions, dealing with the tax system, and addressing disputes of workers,
landlords, and vendors. A recent analysis of scores on the LSAT test for law
school admission reported for students who apply to at least one ABA
accredited law school shows economic majors earned relatively high mean LSAT
scores (excerpted from the American Economics Association's "Careers in
economics" webpage).

## Spotlight: New Alumni Careers

Our recent graduates from the Class of 2018 are starting their careers at a
variety of companies or continuing their education, some of which are featured
below:

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Anya-Dennis-200x196.png)

Economics Major

Anya Dennis

 **Analysis Group**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Kirsten-Mead-1-200x200.jpg)

Economics Major

Kirsten Mead

 **Duke University MS in Interdisciplinary Data Science**

**Career Resources**

**[Undergraduate Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career
Center")**  
Use the Career Center as a hub for employment resources. Among their offerings
are: job listings, resume critiques, mock interviews, and even same-day
advising appointments.

**[Graduate Business Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career
Management")**  
GBCM offers consulting services, skill development programs, recruiting
events, and other resources for graduate students to facilitate successful
management of one's career and/or job search.

**Stay Connected**

**[Business School on LinkedIn  
](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634)** As an alumni of the Leavey School of
Business, you can join the [SCU School of
Business](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634) LinkedIn Group or follow our
Leavey School of Business [LinkedIn
page](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business/).

**[Santa Clara University Alumni Association](/alumni/ "Home » Home »
Alumni")**  
The University offers programming for alumni including reunions and
University-wide events (e.g. Vintage Santa Clara). See the SCU [Alumni
Association website](/alumni/ "Home » Home » Alumni") for more information.

[Economics Sections __](/business/economics/)[Economics](/business/economics/)

  * [Economics](/business/economics/)
  * [About Us](/business/economics/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/economics/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/economics/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/economics/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * Careers
  * [News & Events](/business/economics/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0-94f58e90f01a)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

