Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/innovation-and-entrepreneurship-expands-its-reach-across-campus.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [News & Events](/business/news/)
  4. Top Stories
  5. Innovation and Entrepreneurship Expands its Reach Across Campus 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/VR4CIE-760x400-3.jpg)

## Innovation and Entrepreneurship Expands its Reach Across Campus

In a move to strengthen the “entrepreneurial mindset” necessary for
adaptability and reinvention, Santa Clara University’s Center for Innovation
and Entrepreneurship is expanding its reach and programming across campus.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif**., Feb. 11, 2019—A new campus-wide initiative at Santa
Clara University will create a central hub to guide, coordinate and elevate
the innovation and entrepreneurship efforts of students across campus— from
those studying arts and humanities, to engineering students, to business or
science majors.

Santa Clara University’s expanded and re-envisioned Center for Innovation and
Entrepreneurship (CIE) will unify and build upon existing programming designed
to spur innovation and entrepreneurship, such as the current startup
competitions and mentoring at the Leavey School of Business; virtual- and
augmented-reality experimentation underway in the College of Arts and
Sciences’ Imaginarium space; the School of Engineering’s prototyping Maker
Lab; and the five-year-old Entrepreneurs’ Law Clinic at the School of Law.

The University is actively soliciting significant new funding to support this
bold vision, with an aim of creating an “entrepreneurial mindset” across
campus.

Current programs will continue— in some cases housed in CIE—and will be
supplemented by new initiatives coordinated by CIE. Among the initiatives
under consideration:

  * ”Design thinking” courses to emphasize the need to “question everything” and fully combine humanistic needs and desires with promising technical and business projects
  * Joint certificates or degrees in areas such as product innovation or new-venture management
  * A larger, more-robust program of speakers, tours, design challenges, and hackathons coordinated through CIE
  * Research support for faculty working on issues such as barriers to innovation or advances for innovation research.
  * Creating additional in-residence and visiting lecturer opportunities
  * Opportunities for alumni entrepreneurship affinity groups to benefit from and help shape CIE programming
  * Expanding or supplementing current courses on the ethics, theology, sociology of innovation and entrepreneurship

“The graduates of the future likely will have 10 or more jobs—in many cases in
fields that have yet to be envisioned,” said Caryn Beck-Dudley, dean of the
Leavey School of Business, who worked with the CIE board, entrepreneurial
faculty and other partners across campus to coordinate the new CIE. “They need
skills and aptitude for reinvention. Across all disciplines, our students will
be more agile and adaptive if they are part of an ecosystem that instills a
passion for innovation and entrepreneurship.”

“The new CIE will reflect the best of Jesuit education and Silicon Valley’s
culture of ideas and business creation, and will help shape how Santa Clara
students learn, grow and adapt to the culture of innovation and
entrepreneurship that surrounds them,” said Santa Clara University Provost
Dennis Jacobs. “This campus will increasingly be a place where ideation
abounds, creative discussions ensue, and innovation happens.”

As part of its mission, CIE will infuse its programming with three distinct
characteristics that will set it apart from other university centers of
entrepreneurship.

  * The Jesuit Perspective: teaching behaviors that reflect critical thought and responsible action on moral and ethical issues, and emphasizing ethical entrepreneurship to address genuine human need;
  * Authentic Entrepreneurial Learning Experiences: “embedding” students in companies for observation and value-added long-term projects, and encouraging and supporting student startups;
  * The Entrepreneurial Mindset: using a uniquely Jesuit lens, students will be encouraged to learn the fundamentals of value creation, including discerning whether their innovations are creating value or solving socially meaningful problems.

“CIE, with its new scope spanning the college and all of the schools at SCU,
is a unique opportunity to combine the breadth of disciplines at the
University, the Jesuit mission of service to others, and our location in the
most innovative region of the world into a program that will enable SCU’s
students to have generations-long impact on improving the world,” said Chris
Norris, the veteran entrepreneur who recently became CIE’s executive director.

**About Leavey School of Business  
** Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
www.scu.edu/business/.

**About Santa Clara University  
** Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located
40 miles south of San Francisco in Californiaís Silicon Valley, offers its
more than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and
sciences, business, and engineering; masterís degrees in business, education,
counseling psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and
engineering doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest
graduation rates among all U.S. masterís universities, Californiaís oldest
operating higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of
ethics and social justice. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu](http://www.scu.edu).

**Media Contact  
** Deborah Lohse | SCU Media Communications | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121





###### Feb 11, 2019

Press Release

LSB, Top Home, News & Events Home

427907

[News & Events Sections __](/business/news/)[News & Events](/business/news/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/)
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/)
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/)

[NEWS AND EVENTS](/business/news/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

