Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/news/introducing-a-new-real-estate-minor.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. News
  5. Introducing a New Real Estate Minor 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/DONJ1051-web-760x550-3.jpg)

## Introducing a New Real Estate Minor

The Finance Department launches a new Real Estate Minor spring quarter 2018.

The Finance Department is officially launching a new Real Estate Minor in
spring quarter of 2018.  The minor will support undergraduate students from
across the university as they explore and develop fundamental skills that can
help them create and lead real estate companies.

Stephanie Hsu, a graduating finance major, has been taking offered real estate
courses and decided to postpone her graduation in order to complete the Real
Estate Minor. “Santa Clara is one of the few universities to offer a full real
estate program, so the opportunity to pursue my passion and explore the
intersection between finance, economics, and real estate was a no brainer,”
she said.

When asked what she likes best about the minor, she did not hesitate saying,
"Without a doubt, my favorite aspect of this minor has been learning from
industry leaders. Matt DiNapoli, [Chief Executive Officer of DeNapoli Capital
Partners], is an absolute genius in his field, and combines the blend of
personal insight, case study, fascinating guest speakers, and old-school humor
to keep his courses absorbing and practical to the real world.”  

Stephanie further describes the empowerment she has felt through the program
stating, “Although the commercial real estate business is still heavily male-
dominated, both the men and women I have met through my minor have empowered
me to pursue this opportunity for even further innovation and growth within
the industry.”

As Stephanie mentioned, Leavey School of Business has utilized their alumni
contacts and have recruited local real estate industry experts to teach the
courses. DiNapoli, and Jim Whelan, Owner and Founder, Woodward Holdings, LLC,
are two of these professors.  When asked what excites him about the Real
Estate Minor, Jim Whelan says, “The new Real Estate Minor is a great
complement to the extremely strong business school offerings at Leavey. It
will allow students, starting as early as the sophomore level, to learn about
the many aspects and opportunities—career-wise and personally—that exist in
real estate. For example, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and
other well-known companies, employ a number of people in their facilities
divisions. These companies are concerned about where to locate offices, and
where their employees can find housing.”

DiNapoli in summarizing the focus of the minor says, “The courses for the real
estate minor have been designed such that students begin by learning the basic
principles and terminology used in the real estate industry through the Real
Estate Principles class.  They then gain exposure to basic finance principles
commonly used to evaluate and underwrite real estate transactions in Real
Estate Finance.  As they progress through the minor, students gain exposure to
real estate case studies in classes like Real Estate Transactions and Real
Estate Development.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Real-
Estate-Association-Event-2017-360x239.jpg)

When asked what advice they would give the students interested in the Real
Estate Minor, both Matt and Jim agree: “Don’t be afraid to get involved.”
DiNapoli also recommends that students check out the SCU Real Estate
Association and attend some of the organizations’ events such as “Location of
Innovation,” a real estate symposium; as well as tap into the network of Santa
Clara University real estate professionals.

“The real estate minor and the Real Estate Association provide two excellent
avenues for students to learn and experience how the real estate industry
works and the many different types of skills and talents needed by real estate
companies,” he says.

For more information on the minor [visit our
website](https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/requirements/) or
email the finance department at [finance@scu.edu](mailto:finance@scu.edu).  To
declare a Real Estate Minor, students will have to fill out a Program Petition
Form (available in Undergraduate Business Office, Lucas 115)  and have the
form signed by the Finance Department.



###### Feb 14, 2018

LSB, FNCE, Home,

398139

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/finance/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

