Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/careers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Careers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. Careers 

Graduates with a degree in finance pursue careers in all types of business
organizations. In Silicon Valley, many of the jobs available are in hi-tech
companies that require financial expertise.

Some examples include corporate financial officers, traders, investment
managers, financial analysts, financial planners, investment bankers,
stockbrokers, regulators, and other specialties in all types of business
organizations. All these organizations need the kinds of skills and knowledge
provided by a finance graduate.

Finance is a global field. Capital today knows no borders and the amounts of
capital that move from country to country are astounding. This globalization
of finance will continue to intensify, providing many opportunities for
managers and investors who have the expertise to take advantage of them.

![skyscraper](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/architectural-design-
architecture-buildings-936722-360x240.jpg)

> Demand for financial analysts is projected to increase 11% from 2016 to 2026
as the growth of “big data” and technological improvements allow for higher
quality analysis.

- [U.S. Bureau of Labor Stastics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/business-and-financial/financial-analysts.htm#tab-6)



## Potential Finance Careers

Below are some popular career choices for Finance majors.

##### Financial Analyst

__

Financial analysts build financial models and conduct complex quantitative
analyses. Their research helps corporate finance officers, bankers, or
investors with various financial decisions, including security valuations,
security offerings, mergers and acquisitions, corporate expansions and
restructings.

##### Corporate Finance

__

Finance majors often work for a company’s finance group in various capacities,
including budgeting, FP&A, risk management, investors relations, or working as
financial analysts, etc. These positions prepares finance majors to become
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, or Treasurer.

##### Wealth Management

__

Finance majors work in the wealth management industry as financial advisors,
money managers, estate planners, etc. In general, this groups of professionals
help clients to manage their money.

##### Commercial Banking

__

Commercial banks offer a variety of financial services, including checking and
savings accounts and loans. A career in commercial banks can start as bank
tellers or loan officers.

##### Investment Banking

__

Investment banks help insitutitions with raising capital and complete mergers
and acquisitions. Undergrads often start a career in the investment banking
industry as an investment banking analyst, and gradually move up to
Associates, VP, Director, and Managing Director.

## Spotlight: New Alumni Careers

Our recent graduates from the Class of 2018 are starting their careers at a
variety of companies, some of which are featured below:

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Kelly-Ouye-200x200.JPG)

Finance Major

Kelly Ouye

 **Symantec**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Reilley-
May-1-200x200.jpg)

Finance Major

Reilley May

 **Silicon Valley Bank  **

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Lily-Bui-1-200x200.jpg)

Finance Major

Lily Bui

 **Cisco**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Nick-Platais-200x200.jpg)

Finance Major

Nick Platais

 **Touchstone Commercial Partners**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Tiffany-Vu-200x200.jpg)

Finance Major

Tiffany Vu

 **Cisco**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Tristyn-Martin-200x200.png)

Finance Major

Tristyn Martin

 **Goldman Sachs**

**Career Resources**

**[Undergraduate Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career
Center")**  
Use the Career Center as a hub for employment resources. Among their offerings
are: job listings, resume critiques, mock interviews, and even same-day
advising appointments.

**[Graduate Business Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career
Management")**  
GBCM offers consulting services, skill development programs, recruiting
events, and other resources for graduate students to facilitate successful
management of one's career and/or job search.

**Stay Connected**

**[Business School on LinkedIn  
](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634)** As an alumni of the Leavey School of
Business, you can join the [SCU School of
Business](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634) LinkedIn Group or follow our
Leavey School of Business [LinkedIn
page](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business/).

**[Santa Clara University Alumni Association](/alumni/ "Home » Home »
Alumni")**  
The University offers programming for alumni including reunions and
University-wide events (e.g. Vintage Santa Clara). See the SCU [Alumni
Association website](/alumni/ "Home » Home » Alumni") for more information.

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * Careers
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

