Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/isa/news/lsb-launches-new-business-analytics-minor.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofInformation Systems and Analytics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  4. News
  5. LSB Launches New Business Analytics Minor 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/charts-computer-
data-669615-web-760x550-4.jpg)

## LSB Launches New Business Analytics Minor

The new business analytics minor will cater to a growing, innovative industry.

The ISA department is officially launching a new Business Analytics Minor as
of Spring Quarter 2018. The minor will support undergraduate business students
as they develop skills that can help them innovate and lead within business
analyst and data scientist roles.

The future is incredibly bright for those who decide to pursue a career in
these fields. As the use of big data continues to rise, the demand for
business analysts significantly increases. Furthermore, there is currently a
serious shortage within the US job market of candidates with analytical
expertise. Students who choose to minor in business analytics can expect to be
attractive candidates in an exponentially growing industry.

Here is how Professor Haibing Lu, Department Chair, Associate Professor, ISA
Department , summarized the minor: “Business Analytics is critical in creating
the synergy between data governance, data analytics, and the optimization of
operational systems and processes. A minor in Business Analytics will support
undergraduate business students to acquire the fundamental skills that can
help them perform scientific, data-driven analysis of all aspects of business
operations and making sound, ethical and well-grounded business decisions.”
[Click here](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-
newsletter/BA-Minor-Information-Night-Spring2018.pdf) for more details on the
minor and the business analytics industry.

Requirements and how to enroll in the Business Analytics Minor:

Please note the Business Analytics Minor is for business majors only.

In order to best plan for the minor, students are advised to first take
prerequisites which include OMIS 30 (Introduction to Programming) and OMIS 41
(Statistics and Data Analytics II) or ECON 41 and 42. These classes are
offered during each quarter of the school year. The required courses for
Business Analytics Minor include OMIS 105, OMIS 109, OMIS 114, OMIS 115.
Furthermore, the minor requires one elective from OMIS 113, ACTG 134, ACTG
155, ECON 173, ECON 174, FNCE 146, FNCE 148, and MKTG 182.  For more
information on the minor please visit
[website](https://www.scu.edu/business/omis/academics/requirements/) or email
the department at [ISA@scu.edu](mailto:omis@scu.edu).



###### May 30, 2018

ISA, LSB, Home,

398140

[Information Systems & Analytics Sections __](/business/isa/)[Information
Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)

  * [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  * [About Us](/business/isa/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/isa/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/isa/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/isa/careers/)
  * [News and Events](/business/isa/news-and-events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Operations%20Management%20and%20Information%20Systems&subdesignationactual=e6686182-6823-49cd-a19d-89871)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

