Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/isa/careers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofInformation Systems and Analytics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Careers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  4. Careers 

The department’s majors and minors may pursue a variety of careers after
graduation.

Such possibilities include management consulting, systems administration,
technical sales and marketing, operations management, and roles as business
analysts in public, private, service and nonprofit sectors.

Past graduates have also gone on to various master’s degree or doctoral
programs, as well as law school.

![Building exterior](/media/leavey-school-of-business/academics/apartment-
apartment-building-architecture-323705-360x240.jpg)

> "Employment of computer and information technology occupations is projected
to grow 13 percent from 2016 to 2026, faster than the average for all
occupations. "

- [U.S. Bureau of Labor Stastics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/home.htm)



## Potential Management Information Systems Careers

Below are some popular career choices for management information systems or
accounting and information systems majors.

##### Business Analyst

__

As a business analyst you will help to manage, change and plan for the future
of an organization with their goals. You will need to understand the current
organizational situation, identify future needs, create solutions to meet
those needs usually in relation to information and software systems. You will
also play a key role in communicating between internal departments and
external parties, conveying where necessary how information technology can
support the organization’s needs. In short, if you enjoy analysing data,
creating solutions, working with people, have a good grasp of information
technology, a career as a business analyst could be for you.

##### Systems Analyst

__

As a systems analyst you will use computers and related systems to design new
Information Technology solutions, modify, enhance, adapt existing systems,
integrate new features or improvements, with the ultimate goal of improving
business efficiency and productivity. You will be the liaison between internal
and external clients, including colleagues and developers, throughout the
development process. You will work closely with managers and software
developers, during both the report and implementation phase.

##### Information Systems Manager

__

As an Information Systems Manager you will be responsible for the computer
systems within a company. For being a manager you will need experience in the
technical support or operations sector. You will be managing a staff of
technicians, programmers and database administrators. You will be responsible
for researching and installing new systems, evaluating user needs and system
functionality, implementing new technology, ensuring smooth functioning of the
Information Technology systems, and contributing to policies for strategic
planning in the organization.

## Spotlight: New Alumni Careers

Our recent graduates from the Class of 2018 are starting their careers at a
variety of companies, some of which are featured below:

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Keaton-Lee-200x200.jpeg)

Management Information Systems Major

Keaton Lee

 **Plume WiFi**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Meghan-Delay-200x200.JPG)

Accounting Information Systems Major

Meghan Delay

 **PwC**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Michelle-
Adelina-200x200.jpg)

Management Information Systems Major

Michelle Adelina

**JSP962**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Steven-
Harrison-200x200.jpg)

Management Information Systems Major

Steven Harrison

 **Deloitte**

**Career Resources**

**[Undergraduate Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career
Center")**  
Use the Career Center as a hub for employment resources. Among their offerings
are: job listings, resume critiques, mock interviews, and even same-day
advising appointments.

**[Graduate Business Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career
Management")**  
GBCM offers consulting services, skill development programs, recruiting
events, and other resources for graduate students to facilitate successful
management of one's career and/or job search.

**Stay Connected**

**[Business School on LinkedIn  
](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634)** As an alumni of the Leavey School of
Business, you can join the [SCU School of
Business](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634) LinkedIn Group or follow our
Leavey School of Business [LinkedIn
page](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business/).

**[Santa Clara University Alumni Association](/alumni/ "Home » Home »
Alumni")**  
The University offers programming for alumni including reunions and
University-wide events (e.g. Vintage Santa Clara). See the SCU [Alumni
Association website](/alumni/ "Home » Home » Alumni") for more information.

[Information Systems & Analytics Sections __](/business/isa/)[Information
Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)

  * [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  * [About Us](/business/isa/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/isa/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/isa/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * Careers
  * [News and Events](/business/isa/news-and-events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Operations%20Management%20and%20Information%20Systems&subdesignationactual=e6686182-6823-49cd-a19d-89871)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

