Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketing/careers/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofMarketing

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Careers

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  4. Careers 

Companies from a variety of sectors including high-tech, financial services,
retail, real estate consulting, and not-for-profit organizations recruit our
marketing graduates.

Entry-level jobs are typically in sales, marketing, custom service and
support, marketing research, account management, public relations,
advertising, retail buying, and store management. Many marketing graduates
also elect to create their own business ventures.

![looking up at buildings and sky](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/architecture-bridge-buildings-374018-360x240.jpg)

> "Overall employment of advertising, promotions, and marketing managers is
projected to grow 10 percent from 2016 to 2026, faster than the average for
all occupations."

- [U.S. Bureau of Labor Stastics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/management/advertising-promotions-and-marketing-managers.htm#tab-6)



## Potential Marketing Careers

Below are some popular career choices for Marketing majors.

##### Entry-Level Management

__

Large firms with multiple products generally assign one manager (plus an
assistant) to be responsible for each product. Bearing titles such as brand
manager or product manager, these individuals act as the "president" of all
operations associated with their product. Depending on the size of the firm, a
marketing major might start a career as a product manager or assistant product
manager.

##### Sales Manager

__

Although many entry-level sales positions require no college education, sales
managers typically do have a college education, often with a major in
marketing. In a typical career path, a marketing major is hired as a
salesperson. After considerable in-house training in sales and a year or two
of field experience, the salesperson would be promoted to a sales management
position. From there, he or she might rise through the sales management
hierarchy, managing larger and larger sales territories, or move over to the
marketing management track at company headquarters.

##### Market Analyst

__

These individuals gather, manage, and interpret market data. Some market
analysts work for independent market research companies, providing consulting
advice to clients; others work directly for manufacturing and service firms
assisting in market and product planning. Analysts are involved in
forecasting, conducting customer interviews and surveys, and gathering
competitor intelligence. Strong quantitative skills are generally essential.

##### Advertising

__

Management Independent advertising agencies employ account executives to act
as liaisons with their clients. The account executive helps clients understand
what the agency can offer and translates the client's understand what the
agency can offer and translates the client's needs into an advertising plan.
On the client side, advertising managers and marketing communications
specialists manage the relationship with advertising agencies, public
relations firms, and other specialists who carry out communications for the
firm.

##### Retail

__

Stores employ marketing majors as store managers and buyers. Store managers
run all aspects of an individual store. Buyers are responsible for selecting
merchandise to be carried by individual store departments. Santa Clara
students benefit from the presence on campus of the distinguished Retail
Management Institute. Many marketing majors choose to enroll in the RMI
certification program, which includes internship opportunities with major
retailers.

## Spotlight: New Alumni Careers

Our recent graduates from the Class of 2018 are starting their careers at a
variety of companies, some of which are featured below:

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Laura-
Kastilani-200x199.jpg)

Marketing Major

Laura Kastilani

 **Western Digital**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/McAlister-
Alday-200x200.png)

Marketing Major

McAlister Alday

 **Flexport**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Stephen-Hua-200x200.jpg)

Marketing Major

Stephen Hua

 **The New York Times**

![Image links to full content](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/sla/professional-development/Riley-Morgan-200x200.jpg)

Marketing Major

Riley Morgan

 **Taylor Design  **

**Career Resources**

**[Undergraduate Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career
Center")**  
Use the Career Center as a hub for employment resources. Among their offerings
are: job listings, resume critiques, mock interviews, and even same-day
advising appointments.

**[Graduate Business Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career
Management")**  
GBCM offers consulting services, skill development programs, recruiting
events, and other resources for graduate students to facilitate successful
management of one's career and/or job search.

**Stay Connected**

**[Business School on LinkedIn  
](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634)** As an alumni of the Leavey School of
Business, you can join the [SCU School of
Business](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/2634) LinkedIn Group or follow our
Leavey School of Business [LinkedIn
page](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business/).

**[Santa Clara University Alumni Association](/alumni/ "Home » Home »
Alumni")**  
The University offers programming for alumni including reunions and
University-wide events (e.g. Vintage Santa Clara). See the SCU [Alumni
Association website](/alumni/ "Home » Home » Alumni") for more information.

[Marketing Sections __](/business/marketing/)[Marketing](/business/marketing/)

  * [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  * [About Us](/business/marketing/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/marketing/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/marketing/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/marketing/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * Careers
  * [News & Events](/business/marketing/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Marketing&subdesignationactual=bb8136e0-0a6f-4924-81e1-e2e90caede01)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

