Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketing/news/students-summer-experiences.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofMarketing

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  4. News
  5. Students' Summer Experiences 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Brandon-
Sage-760x550.jpeg)

## Students' Summer Experiences

Leavey School of Business students have been very busy this summer. We asked a
few of them to share their summer experiences.

Leavey School of Business students have been very busy this summer.  We asked
a few of them to share their summer experiences.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Brandon-
Sage-1-200x200.jpeg)

**Brandon Sage**  
 _Major:  Management & Information Systems_  
 _Hometown: San Diego, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?  ** I spent my summer living and working in
Cochabamba, Bolivia as a Global Fellow. My placement, called Bolivia4ward, is
a free math and science tutoring program under the company AHA Bolivia that is
provided to the kids of the artisans employed by the company and local
orphanages. I helped the company create a system to quantify the progress of
the students and identify the qualitative benefits of the program that would
be useful in their mission to obtain a fair trade certification.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?   **The most
memorable parts of my experience in Bolivia were getting insight into the
extent of the work involved in obtaining a fair trade certification for a
company and helping to educate underprivileged Bolivian students. Traveling
around the city of Cochabamba to conduct interviews with artisans opened my
eyes to the many different aspects involved with fair trade. Another extremely
memorable aspect of the experience was the opportunity to take weekend trips
to the Andes mountains, the Amazon, and the world renowned salt flats in
Bolivia which allowed me to interact with locals and learn more about the
culture first hand.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-
newsletter/FullSizeRender---Sarah-Tatley-\(2\)-200x200.jpg)

**Sarah Tatley**  
 _Major:  Accounting_  
 _Hometown:  Cupertino, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?   **This summer, I traveled to Xiamen, China
and Bali, Indonesia with my family to visit long-distance relatives. I also
attended a number of summer leadership programs/externships hosted by various
accounting firms. In addition to attending externships in San Jose, I was able
to travel to Portland, Oregon and Westlake, Texas to get a better
understanding of what it would be like to work at these accounting firms.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?   **The most
memorable part of my summer took place in Bali. We fed elephants, held
butterflies, saw volcanoes, rode ATVs in the mud, and played with monkeys in
Bali's monkey forest.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Brian-
Schunk-Professional-Looking-Photo---Brian-Schunk-200x200.JPG)

**Brian Schunk**  
 _Major: Economics & English_  
 _Hometown: Monte Sereno, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2019_

**What did you do this summer?   **This summer, I worked as a teaching fellow
with a program called Breakthrough Collaborative. I taught a couple writing
classes as well as an improv class.  Breakthrough Collaborative works with
children from low income families to help them get into college. The program
spans over six years and provides summer classes as well as year round
academic advising and counseling.  The Summer Program is for rising seventh
and eighth graders and features six weeks of classes designed for students to
get ahead on what they're learning the upcoming year. When not in class,
students are competing in various games, going on field trips, or performing
skits. This program focuses not only on academics but also leadership
development and other crucial soft skills.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?   **The most
memorable part of my experience was Visitor's Day, when my parents got the
chance to come and sit-in on one of my writing classes. I was definitely
nervous, but class went well and my parents really enjoyed seeing me in
action. **  
**

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Erick-
Barrientos-200x200.jpg)

**Erick Barrientos**  
 _Major:  Accounting_  
 _Hometown: Pittsburg, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?   **This summer I was the Coordinator for
Student Programs on SCU's Orientation Program! My job was to help train and
support our new team of Orientation Leaders. I also attended Deloitte's
National Leadership Conference in Texas, and PwC's Elevate Program in San
Francisco.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** The most
memorable part of my experience with Orientation was being able to see the
growth with our new team of Orientation Leaders. It's extremely rewarding to
see the impact that every leader has on the incoming first year students. I
will truly miss working with the Orientation Program.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Lauren-
Tauriac-200x200.jpg)

**Lauren Tauriac**  
 _Major: Finance_  
 _Hometown:  Dallas, Texas_  
 _Graduation Year:   2019_

**What did you do this summer?   **I spent my summer working at Identity
Eyecare, a small optical boutique in Dallas, as a marketing/merchandising
intern.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** The most
memorable part of my experience was buying Gucci merchandise for the boutique.
I was given free range and was able to pick pieces that I knew some of the
patients would love, especially those I had the privilege of meeting
throughout the course of my internship.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Matthew-
Sipowicz-200x199.jpg)

**Matt Sipowicz**  
 _Major:  Accounting_  
 _Hometown: Portland, Oregon_  
 _Graduation Year:   2019_

**What did you do this summer?  **I traveled to Denmark with the Santa Clara
Men's soccer team and competed against Danish teams as part of an extended
pre-season. I also toured Copenhagen and went to a world cup watching party.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** I thoroughly
enjoyed playing soccer against foreign competition and immersing myself into a
foreign culture. The overall experience of a foreign sporting experience was
something I have dreamed about my whole life, and I loved every second of the
trip.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Alyssa-
Fiddes-200x198.jpg)

**Alyssa Fiddes**  
 _Major: Marketing   _  
 _Hometown:  San Diego, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2019_

**What did you do this summer?  ** Through the Global Fellows Program, I spent
six weeks in Kolkata, India working as a marketing intern for a NGO called
Destiny Reflection. Destiny's goal is to combat sex trafficking as it works to
educate, employ, and empower survivors of trafficking. During this time, I
focused on branding as I redesigned Destiny's website and social media.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** The most
memorable part of my experience was working directly with those impacted by
sex trafficking. In addition to being a marketing intern, I taught English and
computer skills classes in the red light district community center. I also
visited a shelter home in Kolkata for young girls of all backgrounds,
including survivors of sex trafficking, domestic abuse, and child marriages.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Andrew-
Elliott-200x200.png)

**Andrew Elliott**  
 _Major:  Finance_  
 _Hometown:  Guangzhou, China_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?**   I went to Kumasi, Ghana to work at an NGO
called Bright Generation Community Foundation through the Global Fellows
Program. While there, I was involved in marketing efforts for Bright
Generation as well as for the Bamboo Bike Initiative - an initiative started
by Bright Generation to produce environmentally sustainable bicycles. I also
interviewed women in a local farming community who grow chili peppers in order
to connect them with a zero-interest loan raised by a group of Santa Clara
students.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  **The most
memorable part of my experience was definitely the trip to the farming
community to meet the loan candidates. There were some things that were
frustrating getting used to in Kumasi, but visiting them and seeing the humble
lifestyles they lived put a lot about my experience in Ghana in perspective
and really impacted how I look at life back home.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Katherine-
Seely-200x200.jpg)

**Katherine Seely**  
 _Major: Finance   _  
 _Hometown:  Mercer Island, Washington_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?  ** This summer I interned at the Jordan Park
Group, a wealth management firm in San Francisco. Jordan Park was founded
about 16 months ago, after a wealth advisory group split off from Goldman
Sachs to establish their own firm. Since Jordan Park is a relatively small
company, with only about 50 employees, I had the opportunity to work on many
different projects across the three departments - investment, client advisory,
and client service.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** The most
memorable part of my experience was Jordan Park’s family-like company culture.
I loved working side by side with such welcoming, dedicated, and high-
achieving individuals. Working at such a young firm was also particularly
exciting, since I got to witness and participate in building their vision from
the ground up!

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Gen-
Kimura-200x200.jpeg)

**Gen Kimura**  
 _Major:  Finance_  
 _Hometown:  Portland, Oregon_  
 _Graduation Year:   2019_

**What did you do this summer?**  I had the pleasure of being accepted into
SCU’s Global Fellows program to go to Cochabamba, Bolivia  Along with Ali
Deambrosio and Andrew Bake, we worked for AHA Bolivia, an ethical and
sustainable manufacturer of handmade knitwear products.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** Every
Friday, our boss, Anna Aliaga, would host a big lunch at her house where she
would invite all of the interns and her fascinating friends in Cochabamba.  I
was able to meet the most interesting people such as Roberto Gironás, a world-
famous chef, Graciela who lived and hid in a jungle for 11 years, and GoGo, a
guitarist who performs all over Bolivia. Overall, what made this trip so
memorable was all of the unique experiences that I was exposed to from living
day-to-day in a completely different country and meeting people that practice
different customs, traditions, and way of life.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Agatha-
Goluszek-200x199.JPG)

**Agatha Goluszek**  
 _Major: Marketing_  
 _Hometown:  El Dorado Hills, California_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?**   I have been interning at a real estate
start up in the Bay Area, have taken many trips up to San Francisco that
involve tons of good food while simultaneously becoming a BART and CalTrain
regular, and drinking endless amounts of caffeine.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** I loved all
of the people at my start up. There were only a few of us in our Silicon
Valley office, so we all got really close within the first few weeks. The
changes that you suggest and create are really transparent in a start up
setting since they can happen fairly quickly or even immediately. It's really
empowering and uplifting to see your impact.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Tanner-
Condit-200x200.jpg)

**Tanner Condit**  
 _Major:  OMIS_  
 _Hometown:  Missoula, Montana_  
 _Graduation Year:   2020_

**What did you do this summer?   **I interned for Franklin Templeton in
Hyderabad, India through the Global Fellows Program, where I assisted the US
Transfer Agency Support Services Team. During my internship, I helped improve
department quality through error analysis and curated improvements to the
training program.

**What was the most memorable part of your summer experience?  ** Several of
the SCU Global Fellows groups in India all met up and traveled to Agra to see
the Taj Mahal. It was so much fun and was great to explore India with the SCU
community.



###### Sep 14, 2018

LSB, MKTG, Home,

398158

[Marketing Sections __](/business/marketing/)[Marketing](/business/marketing/)

  * [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  * [About Us](/business/marketing/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/marketing/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/marketing/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/marketing/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/marketing/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/marketing/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Marketing&subdesignationactual=bb8136e0-0a6f-4924-81e1-e2e90caede01)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

