Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/net-impact/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Net Impact

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  6. Net Impact 

## Get Involved!

It is that time of year again! Net Impact will be recruiting this Spring
Quarter for our newest cohort. Look out for our newsletter at during Week 2
about the recruitment process. Application will open during Week 3. Keep
posted for more information! To get the newsletter, please sign up for our
mailing list below.

If you still want to get involved, please join our [mailing
list](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeldWn1KmG4tS7eQF3BnJbsnO-
bNd4m_YK6tELejVG-Fme5hw/viewform?usp=sf_link), you'll get a newsletter from us
once a month with informations and ways to get involved!

Please send any questions to
[scu.ug@netimpact.org](mailto:scu.ug@netimpact.org).

### **FAQ  **

##### What does a committee member do?

__

You'll be working directly with the Net Impact Executive team in putting
together the sorts of projects and events listed below. Be sure to demonstrate
what you are passionate about within social impact and bring forward as an
applicant.

##### Are there different committees?

__

Yes, but themes have not been designated yet. Committee themes will vary based
on the personal interests you bring forward. For now, the application is for a
general pool of members.

##### What is the expected time commitment?

__

It will vary. We are looking for dedicated students who can commit to planning
and executing school-wide events and programs like the ones listed below. The
minimum time commitment will be 2 hours/week for meetings and small tasks.
Members should be willing to commit up to 6 hours during times of events,
promotion, and project execution.

##### Do I have to be on a Membership committee to attend or participate in
Net Impact events?

__

No. Our programs are generally accessible to the whole student body, or, if
based on a selection process, open for entry by all students. You do not need
to apply for a Membership committee to attend our events or apply to our
opportunities.

## **Who We Are  **

Net Impact is a nonprofit organization that works to empower individuals and
businesses, particularly student groups, to address social issues. They work
with students, job seekers, professionals, and businesses to provide the
resources and connections to empower a new generation to drive social and
environmental change in order to build impactful careers.

Our undergraduate Net Impact chapter hopes to break the notion that creating
social impact and gaining revenue are mutually exclusive and to inform the
student body that there are fantastic job opportunities that are oriented
around social impact. We hope to integrate all colleges in Santa Clara and
create a space where everyone with an interest in social impact can gather,
meet, and innovate.

The mission of **SCU Net Impact** is to build a community of students
interested in socially responsible careers and to inspire, educate, and equip
these students to use their professional careers to create a positive impact
on the world.

**To fulfill this mission, **SCU Net Impact** will remain committed to
providing its members with an array of opportunities that will 1) empower
students with the skills and resources positively impact their surroundings,
2) help them put their beliefs into action through sustainability efforts, and
3) enlarge their professional network with other like-minded individuals who
have demonstrated their commitment to socially impactful careers.**

If you have any questions or comments, please email us at
[santaclaranetimpact@gmail.com](mailto:santaclaranetimpact@gmail.com).

## **Current Events**

##### Organic Food Cook Off

__

Come join us as 2 organizations go head to head in an organic food cook off!
Graciously hosted at the Forge's new outdoor kitchen you'll see the impacts of
food on the environment as well as having different vendors to talk to such as
Imperfect Produce and a few interactive activities!

**When:  **Thurs, May 10 @ 5PM

**Where:  **The Forge Garden

For more information, please contact Kristi Chon at kchon@scu.edu.

##### Wear it Wise Campaign

__

Wear it Wise is a campaign centered around the pitfalls of fast fashion and
both the environmental and societal detriments of supporting fast fashion. It
is a week long campaign and includes the below events:



**Tues, April 17:**  True Cost Viewing (documentary) co-sponsored by Green
Club;  **location TBD**  but in one of the viewing/taping rooms in the Library
**@ 6PM**

**Wed, April 18:**  Wear it Wise Speaker & Discussion about the impacts of
fast fashion;  **location Kenna 216 @ 6PM**

**Thurs, April 19:  **Thrifting Adventure, we will be taking people to near by
thrift stores;  **location meet at bronco statue @6PM**

**Fri, April 20:  **Tabling at the Socially Responsible Night Market;
**location  ** **Library Lawn @ 3PM-7PM**



For more information, please contact Camille Hope at chope1@scu.edu

##### 2nd Annual Socially Responsible Night Market

__

Socially Responsible Night Market aims to bring **social awareness** to our
student body through a fun and interactive “Night Market”. We invite socially
responsible, sustainable, and local businesses  & clubs to table at our event
to talk about their company and sell any products that they have to our
student body as well as educate them about their mission.

We have free food, refreshments, raffle prizes, and entertainment.

**When:** Fri, April 20 @ 3PM-7PM

**Where:** Lawn in front of Library

For more information, please contact Tiffany Ta at tpta@scu.edu

## **Past Projects**

##### Up to Us Campaign

__

We will be tabling at the Sustainability Fair on **Wednesday, Oct. 25** from
**11AM-2PM** on the lawn between Benson and Library. Come visit our booth and
learn more about Net Impact as well as  how the National Debt affects you and
what you can do to help!

##### TPUMPS Fundraiser for Disaster Relief

__

On Friday Nov. 3 from 11AM-3PM, we will be tabling in front of the library
selling TPUMPS for $5. All proceeds will go to Global Giving towards Disaster
Relief.

##### Social Impact Networking Fair

__

Co-Sponsor with SCU Career Center to bring career opportunities from
nonprofits, research and volunteer fellowships, and social enterprises to
campus. This year's will be in **Williman Room** on **Nov. 1** from **5:30PM -
7:00PM.  **

##### Net Impact Conference 2017

__

Two students chosen to attend the [2017 Net Impact
Conference](https://www.netimpact.org/), a 3-day all expense paid opportunity
to attend keynotes, workshops, and network with thousands of students and
professionals involved in the social impact career sector in Atlanta, GA.

##### Sustainability Speaker Series

__

Working with Bill Mains, Director of Leadership & Sustainability, to bring a
panel of community leaders in agrobusiness

##### UniGame Solution Sprint

__

An opportunity to compete in Unilever case competition for students to promote
Unilever's brands most efficiently, effectively, and sustainably in the new
digital marketplace. Finalist team chosen from SCU to be flown out for an all
expense paid trip to the Net Impact Conference in Philadelphia. We are happy
to announce that a Santa Clara University team had advanced past nationals to
compete in London!

##### Race Equity Workshop

__

Race Equity in the Workspace is a workshop put on by the Office of Diversity
and Inclusion. Join us in learning about how to navigate in a diverse world.
This workshop helps you develop professional and personal skills to take into
the working world.



##### Finals Week Positivity Board

__

Spreading positivity to boost mental health on campus with a chalkboard
project.

  1.   2. 

![Race Equity ](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/t4-purge/IMG_1289-1160x1546-1.JPG)

Photo from the Race Equity Workshop, where we discussed how to navigate around
race in a professional setting.

![Chalkboard](/media/leavey-school-of-business/t4-purge/IMG_3038.JPG)

With the clouds of finals looming near, the Net Impact team put up this
chalkboard with the question, "What makes life worth living?" in order to get
the students thinking about the important things in life.

Previous Next

## **Meet the Team**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/13164418_10208084509382417_8364992113255165965_n-360x360.jpg)
|

### President

Tiffany is a senior majoring in Management Information Systems with an
emphasis in Sustainability. She is currently on SCCAP Staff, on the leadership
board of the OMIS Student Network, a part of the LEAD Scholars Program for
first generation college students, and has an immense passion of the
intersection of tech, innovation, and social responsibility. Through Net
Impact she hopes to help build a network of socially conscientious students
that will tackle the world's problems head on.  
  
---|---  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Kristi-360x360.jpg) |

### _​Vice President of Marketing & Public Relations_

Kristi is a junior pursuing a degree in Economics with a minor in
sustainability.  She plays in a jazz ensemble on campus, volunteers with
SCCAP, and works at the Dean of the Business School's office.  Through her
time at Net Impact, she hopes to build connections with like-minded
individuals and gain the necessary skills to pursue a career in social and
environmental impact.  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Connie-360x461.jpg) |

### _Vice President of Partnerships & Outreach_

Connie is a senior pursuing a degree in Accounting with a minor in
sustainability. She is an officer in SCU Accounting Association, a member in
the business fraternity, AKPsi, and works in the Executive MBA department. Her
interest in Net Impact stems from her understanding that business provides the
best vehicle for social and environmental betterment and hopes to utilize this
in her own career.  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Vivian-360x480.JPG) |

### _​Vice President of Administration_

Vivian is a Senior pursuing a degree in Psychology and Public Health, with a
certificate in Geriatrics. In her final year at Santa Clara, she hopes to
inspire more individuals to join Net Impact and pursue socially impactful
careers. Apart from Net Impact, Vivian spends the majority of her time working
with the linkAges program at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation and the Friends
from Meals on Wheels program at The Health Trust connecting with older adults
and building new relationships.  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Bryan-360x395.png) |

### _Vice President of Membership_

Bryan Chow is a junior majoring in Accounting and Economics at Santa Clara
University’s Leavey School of Business. Outside of school Bryan enjoys playing
badminton, discovering great restaurants, and traveling whenever he can.
Through his time at Net Impact, he hopes to apply his passion for business to
help promote a more sustainable and equitable world. ​  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Shalini.jpg)  |

### _Vice President of Finances & Fundraising_

Shalini is a senior pursuing Management Information Systems. Her goal is to
make a positive impact in the world through her academic passion in
technology. She has worked as a program assistant at the Miller Center for
Social Entrepreneurship for the past two years, was actively involved in a
non-profit organization called Home of Hope, and worked as a Systems Analyst
Intern at NASA Ames Research Center.  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/Eoin-360x539.JPG) |

### Manager of Net Impact Relations

My name is Eoin Lyons and I'm a sophomore at SCU! I am undeclared in the
Leavey School of Business with a double major in Political Science, pre-law
emphasis. Here at SCU, in addition to being a LEAD scholar, I am involved in
the Student Ambassadors, the Honors Program, and the Santa Clara Community
Action Program, our volunteering agency. I love participating in intramural
sports, listening to music, and playing beach volleyball on the court just
outside my residence hall. As a member of Net Impact, I have found that my
passions for social change and business are not distinct, but rather go hand
in hand and complement one another. Through the program, I have been learning
how I can improve business to leave a positive social impact, and I cannot
wait to learn more.  
  
[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/t4-purge/Infographic_NI3-copy-360x687.jpg)

To gain a more accurate view of Santa Clara University's professional goals,
we released a survey pertaining to the intersection of future career interest
and social responsibility. There were 338 respondents and these are a few of
the key aspects of their responsenses. This highlights the community's want
for future careers to overlap with being socially responsible, which is what
Net Impact would like to do for the SCU community.

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

