Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/partners/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Community Partners

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
  6. Community Partners 

![Cristo-Rey-Group-Photo-from-Amy-Chen-2017](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/npi-and-lsb-community-fellows/Cristo-Rey-Group-Photo-
from-Amy-Chen-2017-1-760x300-760x300.jpg)

#### Our community partners include:

##### Office of San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo

__

The City of San José – [Office of Mayor Sam
Liccardo](http://www.sanjoseca.gov/mayor) is committed to revitalizing the
Downtown, bringing BART to San Jose, securing expansions of leading tech
companies, boosting funding for affordable housing, achieving important
pension and fiscal reforms, preserving San Jose’s hillsides and open spaces
from development, and finding jobs for hundreds of at-risk teens. Upon his
election, Sam Liccardo began serving as the 65th Mayor of San José in January
of 2015.

See Office of Mayor Sam Liccardo's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SamLiccardo1/) page for more information.

##### Cristo Rey San Jose Jesuit High School

__

[Cristo Rey Jesuit High School](http://www.cristoreysanjose.org/) works with
underserved low-income urban populations of color. Cristo Rey San Jose Jesuit
High School (CRSJJHS) average family income is less than $34,000 per year.  On
average Cristo Rey students are one to two years behind academically, but by
the time the students graduate, 100% are accepted into college.  Approximately
50% of the costs of this college prep education are covered through the Work
Study program and the jobs the students have. The combination of an excellent
academic program and the opportunity to work in a professional environment
provides the skills and training these students need to graduate and becoming
successful members of our communities.

Cristo Rey San Jose Work Study, Inc. (CRSJWS) is a sister corporation to
CRSJJHS and runs a Work Study program for the students of the High School.
Every student at CRSJJHS works one day per week and goes to school four days
per week.  The program started in Chicago in 1996 and has spread to 28 schools
across the country, having recently been featured on CBS This Morning, marking
the 10th anniversary of the 60 Minute segment on the Cristo Rey organization.

See Cristo Rey Jesuit High School's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cristo-Rey-San-Jose-Jesuit-High-
School/655910917788906) page for more information.



##### Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley

__

The Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley (HFSV) cultivates philanthropy and
inspires Hispanic children and families to achieve personal greatness. HFSV
engages leadership and bridges resources to invest in a thriving Hispanic
community. Resources are directed toward educational excellence, leadership
development, research, and convening and engaging the Hispanic community to
improve the quality of life for Latinos and the Silicon Valley region.

See The Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/HispanicFoundationSV) page for more
information.

##### Silicon Valley Council of Nonprofits

__

The Silicon Valley Council of Nonprofits has become known for its
effectiveness in representing the needs and concerns of its member agencies
and the clients that they serve. They work to ensure government funding is not
cut for critical services and are a watchdog and advocate for ensuring health
services are properly funded and provided by the nonprofit sector. They
provide information on legislative trends and actions at both the county and
state level through e-mail bulletins and communication on critical issues
related to the state or county budget.

See The Silicon Valley Council of Nonprofits'
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/siliconvalleycouncilofnonprofits) page for
more information.







##### Office of Economic Development, City of San Jose

__

[Office of Economic Development, City of San
Jose](http://www.sanjoseca.gov/index.aspx?NID=194) is committed to driving a
vital and competitive economy that increases prosperity and quality of life
for San Jose residents and businesses.  Their mission is to catalyze job
creation, private investement, revenue generation, and talent attraction and
development.  One of their core services is business development, where they
help complanies locate, expand and thrive in San Jose. See Office of Economic
Development, City of San Jose's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/CityofSanJose?ref=ts) page for more
information.

> Erika Francks

>

> ###### LSB Community Fellow 2016  
> SCU Valedictorian 2017

###### _"Each and every one of us in the LSB Community Fellowship took on
tasks outside of our original job description in an effort to maximize our
impact for the organizations, learning along the way to be adaptable and
innovative in our roles. In class we discussed our breakthroughs and struggles
in our individual placements, as well as our larger goals in life. The
Fellowship offered the unique opportunity for us to apply the business skills
we cultivated in our classes to make tangible impact in the communities around
Santa Clara, and set us on a path to continue making impact in our
professional lives."_

![Pull quote illustration](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/npi-and-lsb-community-fellows/Erika-Francks-Alumni-
photo-300x300.jpg)

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
      * Community Partners
      * [LSB Community Fellows Profiles](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/fellows/)
      * [Blog](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/blog/)
      * [Apply](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/apply/)
      * [Program Leaders](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/program-leaders/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

