Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/npi/community-partners/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Community Partners

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
  6. Community Partners 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/business-
expansion-a-360x245.jpg)

## Our community partners include:

##### Center for Employment Training (CET)

__

_[Center for Employment Training (CET)](http://cetweb.org/)_ is a private non-
profit organization. Their mission is to fight poverty and dependence on
public aid by making a variety of skill-training programs available to adults
of all ages, backgrounds, and educational levels. _CET_ wants to help people
become self-sufficient by offering them supportive services and by finding
them a job that will pay enough to fulfill their basic human needs.

_CET_ was founded in 1967, when there was heightened political and social
activism across the nation. A group of citizens, who are now the founding
fathers of _CET_ , wanted to organize and establish a job-training center for
the working poor and low-income people in East San Jose.

As time went on, _CET_ gained a national reputation for exceptional outcomes.
Compared to other training programs, _CET  _had higher job placement rates,
higher earnings, and higher retention rates. Due to this success, in 1990,
President George H.W. Bush awarded _CET_ funds to replicate its program model
in other states. _CET_ currently has seventeen centers nationwide; each center
offers a variety of skills that students can enroll in. _CET_ 's program model
has succeeded in other countries as well. Currently there are international
_CET_ centers in Chile and Belize.

The _CET_ headquarters in downtown San Jose offers more skills than any other
center. There are a total of nine distinct programs. The Industrial Relations
office in San Jose is known nationwide for its excellent work in job placement
for their students. They do everything from putting on job fairs, working on
resumes and cover letters, and constantly creating relationships with local
businesses.

See _CET's_ [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Center-for-
Employment-Training-San-Jose/176874962490075) page for more information.

##### San Jose Mayor's Office

__

The City of San José – [Office of Mayor Sam
Liccardo](http://www.sanjoseca.gov/mayor) is committed to revitalizing the
Downtown, bringing BART to San Jose, securing expansions of leading tech
companies, boosting funding for affordable housing, achieving important
pension and fiscal reforms, preserving San Jose’s hillsides and open spaces
from development, and finding jobs for hundreds of at-risk teens. Upon his
election, Sam Liccardo began serving as the 65th Mayor of San José in January
of 2015.

See Office of Mayor Sam Liccardo's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SamLiccardo1/) page for more information.

##### Washington Elementary School

__

_[Washington Elementary School](http://sjusd.org/washington/)_ , located in
the heart of downtown San Jose, is much more than just a school; it's a
community. This community raises and teaches the students from kindergarten
until fifth grade, giving them a secure, basic platform from which to continue
their education and personal growth. With the help of incredible teachers,
administration, parents and volunteers, the students learn to thrive even
surrounded by circumstances not typically conducive to success.

Maria Evans, the principal and a 1981 SCU alumnus, has an incredible level of
dedication to the students and their futures. Under her leadership, the school
has seen an outstanding improvement in quality of education and test
performance. Her ever present energy and determination to improve the futures
of the students have resulted in tangible, positive outcomes that will
continue to multiply.

The students are friendly, polite, hardworking and very eager to learn. The
students are very involved with school activities outside of the classroom,
such as clubs including 'Las Mariposas,' 'Adelante' and 'China Club.' They
have learned a bit about business etiquette from a very dedicated volunteer,
Mr. Brian O'Halloran, who has extensive experience in the corporate world, but
chooses to dedicate 20 plus hours per week to the kids. The students are used
to having volunteers from the outside community around, and are very receptive
to the help that we all offer. The students at _Washington Elementary_ are
truly a joy to work with.

Keep updated on events at _Washington Elementary_ on their
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/FriendsOfWashingtonSchoolSanJose?fref=ts)
page.

##### Cristo Rey Jesuit High School

__

[Cristo Rey Jesuit High School](http://www.cristoreysanjose.org/) works with
underserved low-income urban populations of color. Cristo Rey San Jose Jesuit
High School (CRSJJHS) average family income is less than $34,000 per year.  On
average Cristo Rey students are one to two years behind academically, but by
the time the students graduate, 100% are accepted into college.  Approximately
50% of the costs of this college prep education are covered through the Work
Study program and the jobs the students have. The combination of an excellent
academic program and the opportunity to work in a professional environment
provides the skills and training these students need to graduate and becoming
successful members of our communities.

Cristo Rey San Jose Work Study, Inc. (CRSJWS) is a sister corporation to
CRSJJHS and runs a Work Study program for the students of the High School.
Every student at CRSJJHS works one day per week and goes to school four days
per week.  The program started in Chicago in 1996 and has spread to 28 schools
across the country, having recently been featured on CBS This Morning, marking
the 10th anniversary of the 60 Minute segment on the Cristo Rey organization.

See Cristo Rey Jesuit High School's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cristo-Rey-San-Jose-Jesuit-High-
School/655910917788906) page for more information.



##### Thriving Neighbors Initiative/Ignatian Center

__

The SCU [Thriving Neighbors Initiative](https://www.scu.edu/ic/), housed in
the Ignatian Center, actively promote strategic ties between Santa Clara
University and the Greater Washington Community of San Jose in order to
advance prosperity and education of both SCU students and neighborhood
students as whole persons in whole communities.

See Thriving Neighbors Initiative's
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/scuignatiancenter) page for more
information.



#### Local Businesses

NPI students put their business knowledge to work helping Emit Market become
more successful.

NPI students put their business knowledge to work helping La Mejor Taqueria #2
become more successful.

NPI students worked with Sidhu Market to help this local market find success.

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
      * [Get Involved](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/get-involved/)
      * Community Partners
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * [Student Organizations](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

