Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/faqs/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# FAQs

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  5. [Resources](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/)
  6. FAQs 

**Having trouble finding what you need?**

_You can search this page for keywords. Simply hit "CTRL F" on a Windows
machine or "Command F" on a Mac and insert your keyword into the search box
that appears._

[**![Peer Advising Logo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/peer-
advising-pictures-/Peer-Advisor-Main-
Logo-280x355.png)**](https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/advising/lsb-
peer-advising/ask-your-lsb-peer-advisor/)

**Can't find what you looking for?**

_Click on our LSB Peer Advising logo to ask a question  _ _or set up an
appointment with an LSB Peer Advisor:_

* * *

**General Advising**

Selecting a Business Major

Who Should I Meet With for Advising?

Annual Academic Advising for Study Abroad Students

**University Core Requirements**

Cultures and Ideas (C&I)

Critical Thinking and Writing (CTW)

Experiential Learning for Social Justice Requirement

Pathways Requirement

Religious Studies Sequence (RTC)

2 nd Language Requirement

**Business Core Requirements**

Calculus Requirement

Information Systems Requirement

MGMT 80 Requirement

Statistics Requirement

**Course Planning**

How to Review a Course Plan

How to Create a Course Plan

Registration Tips

Finding Courses Which Satisfy More Than One Requirement (double-dipping)

Unit Overload

How do I Earn Academic Credit for an Internship?

Economics Minimum Grade Policy

**Policies & Procedures**

How Will Dropping A Class With A "W" Affect Me?

Student Classification

When And How Do I Declare My Major In The Business School?

How Can I Contest a Grade?

Repetition of Courses

Pass/No Pass Grading Option

Incomplete

Graduation Petition Procedures

eCampus Wait Lists - How do I try to add a full class?

How can I use eCampus wait lists to overload?

**Transfer Policies**

Course Requirements/Waivers for Transfer Students

Can I Earn Transfer Credit During the Summer?









* * *

_  Selecting a Business Major_

The first stop for students who are trying to determine their major is the
[Career Center](https://www.scu.edu/careercenter/) in Benson Center.  They
have a number of self-assessment tools and major resources which can help you
determine the right direction for you.

If you've narrowed your choice down to a couple of possibilities, you might
want to request a meeting with the department chair, or another faculty
member, in the departments you're interested in.  They can give you more
specifics about what students tend to do with the major in their department.

If you are planning to double-major, you should plan to meet with an advisor
in the Drahmann Center.  They are prepared to advise on majors in all schools
(business, engineering, and A&S).









* * *

_  Who Should I Meet With for Advising?_

This [page](/business/undergraduates/advising/advising-team/ "Home » Home »
Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising » Your LSB Advising
Team") should help you understand the best person to assist you with your
advising questions.  If you’re still not sure who to talk to, send an email to
the [LSB Peer
Advisors](https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/advising/lsb-peer-
advising/ask-your-lsb-peer-advisor/), or come by the Undergraduate Business
Programs Office in Lucas 115 for further guidance.









* * *

_  Annual Academic Advising for Study Abroad Students _

**For students who will be abroad in the fall quater:  **

Students who are going abroad do receive advising holds as this is an
automated process.  However, since they must meet with an advisor prior to
applying to study abroad, the Office of the Registrar will remove the hold
prior to the winter registration period.  Students receive another hold which
prevents them from dropping the study abroad units and registering for classes
at SCU for the term when they are to be abroad. This hold can only be removed
after the student has formally notified the International Programs Office that
they are no longer planning to go abroad.

**For students who are abroad during the annual Academic Advising period:  **

Students who are abroad during the Annual Academic Advising period but will be
registering for fall quarter classes at Santa Clara University must receive
advising from their assigned faculty advisor during the mandatory advising
period.  This advising can be performed via phone or email.









* * *

_  Cultures & Ideas (C&I)_

This is a two course sequence which must be completed in the first year at
SCU. Once you have been pre-enrolled or have registered for C&I, you may not
change your C&I sections unless you have exceptional circumstances.  If you
believe you do have exceptional circumstances, you must make an appointment
with a Drahmann Center Advisor.  You can make an appointment with a Drahmann
Advisor at: <https://scu-insight.symplicity.com/students/index.php> If you
haven't used this site before, simply click on "forgot my password" and one
will be sent to you.









* * *

  _Critical Thinking and Writing (CTW) – Core Requirements_

This is a two course sequence which must be completed in the first year at
SCU. Once you have been pre-enrolled or have registered for CTW, you may not
change your CTW sections unless you have exceptional circumstances.  If you
believe you do have exceptional circumstances, you must make an appointment
with a Drahmann Center Advisor.  You can make an appointment with a Drahmann
Advisor at: <https://scu-insight.symplicity.com/students/index.php> If you
haven't used this site before, simply click on "forgot my password" and one
will be sent to you.









* * *

  _Experiential Learning for Social Justice Requirement_

The Experiential Learning for Social Justice (ELSJ) requirement cultivates
social justice, civic life, perspective and civic engagement. Business
students can fulfill the requirement in one of 3 ways:

  1. One class, incorporating the key elements, in which all students receive ELSJ credit (units variable).
  2. One class, in which ELSJ community contact is one of several options. Those students receiving ELSJ credit register for an ELSJ option. The ELSJ option typically involves no additional units. The ELSJ option incorporates the key elements. The syllabus, however, includes the four ELSJ learning objectives for all students and all students complete assignments aligned with the learning objectives.
  3. One non-departmental milestone (no units) in which students contract with the ELSJ Curriculum Manager and register for the ELSJ milestone to fulfill the ELSJ requirement without units, as credit for work produced in association with an immersion trip or other experience involving contact with communities. The ELSJ Curriculum Manager will confirm whether the experience qualifies for ELSJ. Students will submit work products to the ELSJ Curriculum

_Check the ELSJ site:_[
_https://www.scu.edu/provost/core/elsj/_](https://www.scu.edu/provost/core/elsj/)
_for updated information._









* * *

  _Pathways Requirement  _

Pathways are a cluster of courses with a common theme which promote
integrative and intentional learning.  Business students must take four
courses equaling at least 16 units.  Transfer students, who matriculate with
at least 44 units, take three courses equaling at least 12 units. Students
should be advised as follows:

  * First-Year
    * Visit Pathways site (<https://www.scu.edu/provost/core/pathways/>)
    * Review Pathways and associated courses
    * Save your coursework!!
      * The courses you take now may end up in your chosen Pathway. You will need to submit representative work in the senior year
  * Sophomore Year
    * Declare Pathway
    * Review [Pathways policies, procedures & course guidelines](https://www.scu.edu/provost/core/pathways/pathway-listings--courses/)
    * Determine links between Pathways courses and core, major and minor requirements
      * Not all Pathways courses will fulfill one of these requirements. Enjoy branching out into another subject of interest!
  * Senior Year (by winter quarter)
    * Submit Pathways Portfolio
      * Two-page reflective paper
      * Portfolio containing representative paper or project from each Pathways course

_Check the Pathways site listed above for updated information._









* * *

_  Religious Studies Sequence (RTC)_

  * The three Religion, Theology & Cultures courses must be completed in sequence. Religious studies courses (offered in TESP, SCTR, and RSOC) are numbered as follows 
    * 1-19 (for RTC1)
    * 20-99 (for RTC2)
    * 100 and above (for RTC3).
  * The third Religion, Theology & Culture course (RTC3) must be completed after 88 units.
  * If students do not follow these requirements, the courses will not be reflected in the degree audit and will not satisfy the graduation requirements.









* * *

_  2nd Language Requirement_

To satisfy the requirement business students must have proficiency to the 2nd
course of the 1st year of college level language.  They can satisfy this
requirement in the following ways:

  * Successfully complete the two courses at SCU (e.g. ITAL 1 and ITAL 2)
  * Some students may have prior experience with a 2nd language in high school. These students may want to enroll in a higher level (e.g. ITAL 2 or ITAL 21).  Students should refer to the modern languages website (<https://www.scu.edu/modernlanguages/student-resources/>) for information about placement tests and surveys.  Students who take and pass any course from level two onward have met the requirement.
  * Successful completion of a proficiency test to demonstrate mastery to the required level. Students should be referred to the modern languages website (<https://www.scu.edu/modernlanguages/student-resources/>) for information about proficiency tests.









* * *

_  Calculus Requirement _

Most business students take the MATH 30/31 sequence. Business students
desiring to take mathematics beyond the two required courses of calculus are
advised to take MATH 11/12 instead in order to satisfy the prerequisite to
more advanced mathematic courses. Students are not advised to switch to MATH
12 if they have completed MATH 30.

Note: Students will not be permitted to enroll in MATH 30 or MATH 11 until
they have completed the Calculus Readiness Exam (on the ALEKS platform).  The
resulting score will determine whether the student can enroll in calculus 1,
or must start with MATH 9, pre-calculus. See
[here](https://www.scu.edu/orientation/requirements/calculus/) for more
information about this exam.









* * *

_  Information Systems Requirement_

Most business students must take OMIS 34 to fulfill the Information Systems
requirement in the business core. Accounting students may take ACTG 134
instead. These courses also satisfy the Science, Technology and Society
requirement in the university core. AIS, MIS majors and MIS minors take OMIS
30 or 31 to satisfy the Information Systems requirement and need to take an
additional course, chosen from the list of approved courses to satisfy their
STS requirement.









* * *

_  MGMT 80 Requirement _

Business students will take MGMT 80 to fulfill their Cultures and Ideas 3
requirement in the university core, if they take it on the SCU campus.  MGMT
80 taken abroad will likely NOT satisfy the Cultures & Ideas III requirement.









* * *

_  Statistics Requirement_

The statistics sequence for most business students is OMIS 15, OMIS 40 and
OMIS 41.  However, the statistics sequence for economics majors is OMIS 15,
OMIS 40 and ECON 41 and 42.

A score of 4 or 5 in AP statistics yields SCU credit in Math 8 or OMIS 40.
Students who receive this credit must complete OMIS 15 before taking OMIS 41.









* * *

_  How to Review a Course Plan_

 Reviewing a course plan can be completed in three easy steps:

  * Ensure that all the requirements which have not been completed as indicated in the degree audit, are listed on the course plan.
  * Ensure that all courses are planned in quarters after any required prerequisites have been taken/fulfilled (see prerequisite guides for business courses here). _hyperlink to new prerequisites  site._

_Ensure that the graduation unit requirements (175 units, 60 of which must be
in upper-division courses) will be met_









* * *

_  How to Create a Course Plan_

You can find full instructions for how to complete a course plan and all the
forms you need in [Completing a Requirements Checklist and Course
Plan](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/pdfs-x2f-docs/RequirementChecklist.pdf):

If you’re a first-year student, you can find additional recommendations on
this page.

If you're having trouble completing your course plan, and need some assistance
with questions about university and/or business core course placement, you can
request an appointment with an LSB Peer Advisor by using the **Ask A Peer**
Advisor button on our [advising
site](https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/advising/).

Regardless of how you put together your initial course plan, you must
ultimately have it reviewed by your faculty advisor.  This is the only person
who can review the placement of your major courses.  If your course plan
includes more than one major and or minor, you should have it reviewed by a
Drahmann Faculty Advisor.  The Drahmann Faculty Advisors are qualified to
review course placement for majors and/or minors in all schools (business,
engineering, and A&S).









* * *

_  Registration Tips_

Some helpful tips for registration:

  * Make sure you fill your schedule at registration.
  * Do NOT leave a blank space in your schedule and assume that you’ll get into a class from the electronic wait list or in the first week of classes. Fill your schedule completely and then if you get into a class from a waitlist, you can swap it later on eCampus.
  * Consider your university core courses, you don’t have to take all business classes, and shouldn’t plan on taking more than 1 or 2 business course per quarter in the 1st and 2nd
  * Have you determined your Pathway? This could provide further course options.
  * Don’t panic – you won’t fall behind the expected four-year graduation just because you can’t get into a class. If you doubt it, complete a course plan
  * If, after completing a course plan, you find that you DO have a problem, go to the Undergraduate Business Programs Office in Lucas 115 and ask for assistance.









* * *

_  Finding Courses Which Satisfy More Than One Requirement (double-dipping)_

You can see which courses have been approved to meet specific graduation
requirements in the[ Core Curriculum
Guide](https://www.scu.edu/provost/core/core-curriculum-guide/). You can also
use [Course Avail ](https://www.scu.edu/courseavail/)to determine if courses
meet requirements.  Simply click on the 5 digit course number for any course
and it will give you the course description, prerequisites, and which
requirements the course is approved to satisfy.  

[Here](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/pdfs-x2f-docs/doubledippingCOURSEAVAIL.pdf) are
instructions showing how to find courses which satisfy more than one
requirement on Course Avail.  But, be aware, courses may not double-dip
between or within the foundations and explorations phases of the university
core. For more information, use this [chart](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/undergraduates/pdfs-x2f-docs/Double-Dipping-Chart.pdf).









* * *

 Unit Overload

The policy for unit overload is depends upon numerous factors, including
number of units completed, GPA, timing, etc.  For the most current information
regarding policy, procedure, and dates for overload,  see the REGISTRATION
eCAMPUS page of the Registrar’s most current _Undergraduate Deadline &
Registration Information_ virtual book at:  <http://scu.edu/studentrecords/>.
In general:

  * Registration Window 1 (Normal Registration Period) – Students may enroll in up to 19. Anything over 19 units is considered an overload, and is not permitted.
  * Registration Window 2 (Second Registration Period for Seniors) – Students who have completed 131 units and have a cumulative GPA of 2.20 or higher may enroll in up to 20 units without approval.
  * Registration Window 3 (Add/Drop Period – 1st Week of Classes) – Students who are in the University Honors Program, or who have a cumulative GPA of 3.3 or higher, may enroll in up to 25 units without approval. Students who do not meet these criteria, may seek approval for overload at the Drahmann Center.

_Note – during all registration windows, 1-unit or 2-unit courses do not count
as overload units.   Students may add a 1-unit or 2-unit course without
approval by filling out the form at:
__<https://www.scu.edu/registrar/forms/request-to-add-2-unit-course/>_









* * *

_  How do I Earn Academic Credit for an Internship?_

Internships for academic credit are generally only available to upper-division
students.  You can find out more about policies regarding this type of study
in the [ _Undergraduate  Bulletin _](https://www.scu.edu/academics/course-
catalogs/undergraduate-bulletin/)(Tip: Once you're in the Bulletin, search for
“Students may pursue independent study”) _._

As you will note, internships and independent study are generally restricted
to upper-division students because academic credit for these experiences is
dependent upon the student having  ** _"demonstrated a sufficient knowledge of
the academic discipline involved,"_** which is difficult to demonstrate as a
first or second year student who hasn't taken any of the courses in a
particular discipline.  

**Junior and senior students in the business school who are eligible to
receive academic credit for internships must have a declared major and should
see the department of their major for information about the policy and
procedure for internship credit.**









* * *

_  Economics Minimum Grade Policy_

(Effective for economics prerequisites taken Fall 2015 and after)

Economics courses build on knowledge and skills from prerequisite courses;
moving on to more advanced courses requires a minimum degree of mastery over
the previous material beyond merely passing with a D.  Students earning a
grade below C- in a course will need to retake the course before enrolling in
another course for which it is a prerequisite.

Prerequisites for Economics 2 and 3 are exempt from the C- minimum
requirement.  However, while there is not a minimum C- grade required in Econ
1 to take Econ 2 or in Econ 1 & Econ 2 to take Econ 3, all other economics
courses that have Econ 1, 2, and 3 as prerequisites require a C- in all three
courses.  For example:  a student may enroll in Econ 2 and Econ 3 even after
earning a D in Econ 1, but he or she may not take any other course that has
Econ 1 as a prerequisite (e.g. Econ 41/42, 113, electives, etc.).  This
implies that economics majors and minors must have a C- or higher in Econ 1,
2, and/or 3 and in any other courses that are prerequisites for economics
courses (e.g. Math 30 or 11 and OMIS 40 or Math 8 for Econ 41/42, Econ 113 for
Econ 114, and so on.). Please refer to the following page for a list of
prerequisites.

Prerequisite courses taken before Fall 2015 will be exempt from the C- minimum
but students will have to meet with Professor Ardelean and obtain a PIN from
Marianne Farag in order to take courses with a prerequisite of the course for
which they earned a grade lower than C-.  The Economics Department strongly
recommends that students retake all courses for which they earn lower than a
C- because such low grades indicate insufficient knowledge of the material
covered to continue taking higher level courses.  Additionally, in order to
graduate, students must maintain an overall 2.0 GPA or higher and they must
also have a 2.0 or higher GPA in their courses for their major.  The Economics
Department highly recommends that students who find it difficult to get C or
higher in economics or math courses change their major.  Each year there are a
few economics majors who have completed all their university requirements but
who do not graduate because their GPA in economics courses is below 2.0.  They
must continue taking additional economics courses until they raise their GPAs
over 2.0, some never do and cannot earn their degree.  This is an extremely
unfortunate situation for these students.  The Department recommends that
students whose economics and math GPA is below 2.0 consider minoring in
economics or in one of the related business minors listed on pp. 12-16.

Questions about this policy should be addressed to Marianne Farag or your
advisor.









* * *

  _How Will Dropping A Class With A "W" Affect Me?_

When considering whether to drop a class, there are a couple of factors to
take into consideration:

    _  Having a W on the transcript -  _

This is generally a non-issue.  A "W" or even a few "W's" on the transcript is
not viewed unfavorably by anyone reviewing your transcript.  However, when
students have a "W" every quarter or many "W's" through the course of their
academic career, reviewers may wonder about the student's ability to complete
what he/she starts.

**_ _** _     Impacting expected graduation date - _

One or two "W's" throughout the academic career generally does not impact
one's ability to complete graduation requirements in the expected 4-years.
The only way to determine this for sure is to complete a course plan.  You can
find full instructions for completing a course plan here.









* * *

  _Student Classification_

The classification of students is determined by the number of quarter units
completed with passing grades. Lower-division students are considered first-
year if they have completed fewer than 44 units and sophomores when they have
completed at least 44 units but fewer than 88 units. Upper-division students
are considered juniors when they have completed at least 88 units but fewer
than 131 units and seniors when they have completed at least 131 units.
(Excerpt from the _Undergraduate Bulletin_ )









* * *

  _When And How Do I Declare My Major In The Business School?_

Students in the school of business may declare their major any time during the
first or sophomore year.  However, they must declare a major by the end of the
sophomore year.  Note, all students must declare a major prior to submitting
an application for study abroad.

Students declare a major and/or minor by submitting a Program Petition form
which can be obtained in the Undergraduate Business Programs Office (Lucas
115) or the One Stop Shop (1st floor - Schott Administration Building).









* * *

_  How Can I Contest a Grade?_

You can find the policy and procedure for contesting a grade in the
[Undergraduate Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/academics/course-
catalogs/undergraduate-bulletin/) in the Academic and Administrative Policies
and Regulations chapter, under Student Appeals of Grades section.  (Tip: Once
you're in the Bulletin, search for “student appeals of grades")









* * *

_  Repetition of Courses_

A D+ is considered a passing grade unless the course description in the
Undergraduate Bulletin notes a different passing grade, or a required grade in
a prerequisite course (note Economics courses).

According to SCU policy, you can repeat a course for credit if you earn less
than a C-.  If you do repeat the course, you will only earn units for one
section.

If you repeat a class, when calculating GPA, the two grades you earned in the
class are not averaged together, nor is one of the grades dropped. The grades
in both sections will be calculated in your total GPA.  For this reason, it is
difficult to raise your cumulative GPA significantly by repeating a class in
which you’ve earned a low grade, so it is not advisable to repeat a class just
to “boost” your GPA.  However, if it is a foundation course leading to another
course, you may want to consider repetition of the course in order to build a
better knowledge base before moving on to the next course in the sequence.









* * *

_  Pass/No Pass Grading Option_

A grade of “P” signifies that the quality of work done is equivalent to a
letter grade of “C” or higher, while a grade of “NP” denotes work at the level
of “C–” or lower. A maximum of six courses taken under the pass/no pass option
in which the student receives a mark of “P” can be used to fulfill the unit
requirements for graduation.

Some courses are offered only on a pass/no pass basis. If a graded option is
not available, a course can satisfy Core, major, and/or minor requirements. A
student with junior or senior standing and a declared major may choose to take
an elective course on a pass/no pass basis. Students may enroll in only one
elective course on a pass/no pass basis per quarter. Students may choose the
pass/no pass option for a class through the end of the fourth week of classes,
but may not change the grading option after that date. (Excerpt from the
_Undergraduate Bulletin_ )









* * *

  _Incomplete_

The mark of “I” (incomplete) may be assigned by the instructor when a student
does not complete some essential portion of the assigned work in a class
because of extraordinary circumstances beyond the student’s control. The
unfinished work must be completed and given to the course instructor within
three weeks of the beginning of classes in the next scheduled term (not the
student’s next term of enrollment), excluding summer session, unless
extraordinary circumstances require an extension. A request for an extension
must be submitted in writing by the instructor and approved by the University
Registrar within the original three-week period. Extensions shall not be for
longer than two academic quarters after the mark of “I” was assigned,
excluding summer session. An incomplete that has not been completed within the
specified deadline or has not received an approved extension will be converted
to a grade of “F.” (Excerpt from the _Undergraduate Bulletin)_









* * *

_  Graduation Petition Procedures_

Students who are graduating with a major in the Leavey School of Business
should complete a Candidacy Petition for the Bachelor’s Degree form in the
Undergraduate Business Programs Office no later than the date listed on the
Graduation Petition Due Dates listing. (This is also posted outside Lucas
115.)

The Undergraduate Business Programs Office will complete a pre-graduation
evaluation.  Once this has been completed, the student will be notified via
GroupWise email that their petition paperwork is ready to be picked up.  In
this email, they will be given a link to the Undergraduate Business Programs
Sr. Survey.  Once the survey has been completed, they will receive
notification that they should return to the Undergraduate Business Programs
office to pick up their completed Checklist and the signed graduation petition
form to be taken to the One Stop Shop in the Schott Administration Building.
The student will also receive a copy of the pre-graduation evaluation for
their records.

Once the student has delivered their paperwork to the Office of the Registrar,
they should consider the process complete unless they hear otherwise from
Office of the Registrar staff.  The student will receive no other
notifications.

Students who have a second major should check with the 2nd major department
regarding their graduation petition process.

Students who are seeking a double degree must make an appointment with a
Drahmann Center advisor as soon as they begin to think about a double degree
to ensure that all the requirements will be satisfied.  You can make an
appointment with a Drahmann Advisor at: <https://scu-
insight.symplicity.com/students/index.php> If you haven't used this site
before, simply click on "forgot my password" and one will be sent to you.









* * *

_  eCampus Wait Lists - How do I try to add a full class?_

Note:  The following information applies only to courses offered in these
academic departments: ACTG, ECON, FNCE, MGMT, MKTG, OMIS. For courses offered
in any other department, students should contact the academic department for
further information regarding how to inquire about space in full classes.

In courses offered through business school departments, when classes fill
students can add their name to a wait list for the course directly in eCampus.
You can find more information about the eCampus wait list process and
instructions [here.](https://www.scu.edu/registrar/frequently-asked-
questions/frequently-asked-questions-about-wait-listing/)

Position on the wait list will NOT determine placement in the class. The
department administrative assistants will review the wait lists and assign
permission numbers based upon the current criteria developed by the
departments and the Undergraduate Business Programs Office to distribute
permission numbers.  These criteria will be based on one or more of the
following factors: current enrollment in another section of the requested
course, declared business-related majors/minors, completion of prerequisites,
graduation petition status and number of units completed.

Getting on a wait list doesn't ensure students will get into the class.
Students will be notified of their status on wait lists no later than Friday
of the 3rd week following the end of the registration period.

Students should not contact professors about space in their class and are not
encouraged to attend first class sessions of courses unless they are enrolled
or have received a permission number.









* * *

_  How can I use eCampus wait lists to overload?_

Students who are trying to add an overload class can add their name to the
eCampus wait list.  If they get a space in the class they will receive a
permission number which they can then utilize in the first week of classes
when they are eligible to overload.  

However, students won't be able to get on a wait list until the course fills
and the wait list opens on eCampus.  Also, there is a cap on the wait list, so
once the wait list fills students won't be able to get on it. Students will
need to carefully monitor course avail in order to time it right.  

Additionally, getting on a wait list doesn't ensure that they'll get into the
class so students should plan their schedules accordingly.









* * *

_Course Requirements/Waivers for Transfer Students_

**Business Core**

  * BUSN 70
    * Students who receive transfer credit for either the 3-course lower-division economics sequence (ECON 1, 2, 3), or one of these economics courses plus one of Accounting 11 or 12 receive a waiver for BUSN 70.
    * Students who do not receive credit or a waiver for BUSN 70 may take either BUSN 70 or BUSN 170 (must have junior or senior standing).

  * Statistics 
    * Students who receive transfer credit for MATH 8 or OMIS 40 have satisfied the OMIS 40 requirement in the business core. However, students who have not received credit for OMIS 15 or 17 must also complete this course before taking OMIS 41 (or ECON 41/42 for economics majors).

**University Core  
  
**

  * Critical Thinking & Writing (CTW)
    * Transfer students who matriculate with credit for both CTW 1 and 2 have satisfied the requirement. This may include exemptions granted at other schools and credit granted through Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate test scores.
    * Transfer students who matriculate with 44 or more units and credit for CTW 1 will take an Advanced Writing course to complete the CTW 2 requirement. A second Advanced Writing (BUSN 179 for business students) course will be completed to fulfill the Advanced Writing requirement.
    * Transfer students who matriculate with 44 or more units and credit for CTW 2 will have CTW 1 waived.
    * All other transfer students will complete both CTW 1 and 2 at SCU.

  * Cultures & Ideas (C & I) 
    * Transfer students who receive credit for both C & I 1 and 2 have satisfied the requirement.
    *  Transfer students who matriculate with 44 or more units and receive credit for a course that satisfies C & I 1 will take a C & I 3 course to substitute for C & I 2. A second C & I 3 course will be completed to fulfill the C & I 3 requirement (MGMT 80 for business students). 
    * All other transfer students will complete both C & I 1 and 2 at SCU.

  * Religion, Theology and Culture (RTC) 
    * Transfer students who matriculate with fewer than 44 units will take all three RTC courses in the required sequence.
    * Transfer students who matriculate with 44 or more units may take any two RTC courses at any level, in any order, to fulfill the RTC requirement. Note – the 3rd RTC (number 100 and above) may not be taken until students have completed 88 units. ** **

  * Pathways 
    * Transfer students will declare their Pathways by the end of their third quarter at SCU.
    * Transfer students in the College of Arts & Sciences and Leavey School of Business who matriculate with fewer than 44 units will take four courses (minimum of 16 units) to fulfill the Pathways requirement.
    * Transfer students in the College of Arts & Sciences and Leavey School of Business who matriculate with more than 44 units will take three courses (minimum of 12 units) to fulfill the Pathways requirement.
    * All transfer students in the School of Engineering will take three courses (minimum of 12 units) to fulfill the Pathways requirement.









* * *

_  Can I Earn Transfer Credit During the Summer?_

According to the Undergraduate Bulletin, Transfer credit earned after initial
enrollment at Santa Clara may not be used to fulfill Undergraduate Core
Curriculum, college or school, department, or program requirements. “ (Please
see Chapter 8, Academic and Administrative Policies and Regulations,
Registration Policies and Regulations in the[ Undergraduate
Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/academics/course-catalogs/undergraduate-
bulletin/) for more information. Tip: Once you're in the Bulletin, search for
“Units Taken at Other Institutions”)

**Therefore, students may not take any required course at another institution.
With Drahmann Center approval, students may transfer up to 10 units of
_elective_ credit from another institution after matriculating at SCU.**

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
    * [LSB Peer Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/lsb-peer-advising/)
    * [Course Planning](/business/undergraduates/advising/course-planning/)
    * [Resources](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/)
      * [Undergraduate Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/bulletin/undergraduate/)
      * [Undergraduate Academic Calendar](/business/undergraduates/academics/ugrd-academic-calendar/)
      * [Academic Advising Syllabus](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/syllabus/)
      * [University Resources](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/university-resources/)
      * [High School vs. College](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/high-school-vs-college/)
      * [Things to think about](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/things-to-think-about/)
      * FAQs
      * [Graduation Petition Due Dates](/business/undergraduates/advising/resources/petition-dates/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[Ask an LSB Peer Advisor](/business/undergraduates/advising/lsb-peer-
advising/ask-your-lsb-peer-advisor/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

