Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/ms-scma-accounces-redesigned-curriculum/ms-scma-undergoes-curriculum-redesign.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# MS-SCMA Accounces Redesigned Curriculum

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  4. [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  5. MS-SCMA Accounces Redesigned Curriculum
  6. MS-SCMA Undergoes Curriculum Redesign 

![MSSCMA Curriculum Revision](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/iStock-613011626-1500px-1-760x356-4.jpg)

MSSCMA Curriculum Revision

## MS-SCMA Undergoes Curriculum Redesign

The M.S. in Supply Chain Management and Analytics has recently undergone a
significant redesign to its curriculum.

The Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University is pleased to announce
a significantly redesigned curriculum for its M.S. program in Supply Chain
Management and Analytics (MS-SCMA).

“Based on feedback from our advisory board members and supply chain executives
from the industry, our unique curriculum has been revised to include a major
emphasis on data analytics and information technology as they relate to the
management of supply chains,” noted Professor Naren Agrawal, faculty director
of the MS-SCMA. “Students will be able to master these important skills as
they learn about supply chain concepts and build a strong business
foundation.”

This new five-quarter long curriculum will launch in Fall 2017, along with a
part-time version of the same program.

“The MS-SCMA program is uniquely focused on the needs of the next generation
of supply chain management challenges faced by innovation intensive companies
the world over,” said Caryn Beck-Dudley, dean of the Leavey School of
Business.

A centerpiece of this new curriculum is the Supply Chain Consulting Project
course.

“This project course is where teams of students, guided by a faculty advisor,
will get to work on live problems with an actual company,” said Professor Ram
Bala, faculty co-director of the program. “Students will gain in depth
knowledge of supply chain issues and learn about challenges in developing and
implementing solutions.”

At a recently held event organized by SCU’s Supply Chain Management
Association, the featured speaker, Jim Miller, VP Worldwide Operations at
Google, and a member of the program’s [advisory board](/business/ms-supply-
chain-management/ms-scma-advisory-board/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » MS Supply Chain Management » MS SCMA Advisory Board"), spoke about
why he is excited to recommend careers in supply chain management to young
professionals.

“One of the most interesting things about operations and supply chain
management is the richness of the problems one gets to explore – logistics
problems, information problems, economic tradeoffs, financial problems, and so
on," said Miller. "For example, at Google, we (the supply chain team) forecast
how our business is going to grow based on how the business is consuming
resources, which is a key input to the budgeting process. New technologies
such as AI, and the big data and analytics revolution are just beginning to
hit SCM, and these developments will have an exciting and profound impact on
the world.”

David Sangster MBA ’99 is EVP Operations at Nutanix (NASDAQ: NTNX), a highly
successful unicorn in Silicon Valley that recently debuted on the NASDAQ. Also
a member of the program’s advisory board, he echoed Mr. Miller’s sentiments,
saying, “SCU is an ideal location to learn about the next generation of SCM
because in the Bay Area, you are surrounded by some of the most innovative
companies and people who are actually defining the problems of tomorrow. The
newly developed curriculum with its emphasis on analytics and information
technology along with supply chain concepts and business foundations is ideal
to help develop supply chain professionals who can take on such problems in a
global environment.”

The main highlights of the MS-SCMA program include:

  * Strong emphasis on the needs of exciting, innovation intensive companies in Silicon Valley
  * Rigorous curriculum combined with industry practicum led by faculty with deep domain expertise
  * STEM approved with a curriculum comprising SCM, Analytics, Technology and general business management
  * Excellent networking opportunities with Silicon Valley executives
  * Full-time and flexible part-time options
  * Outstanding advisory board

Applications to the full-time and part-time programs are now open. For more
information, visit [https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey
School of Business » MS Supply Chain Management")



###### Apr 4, 2017

MSSCM, Blog,

256079

[MS Supply Chain Management Sections __](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)[MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)

  * [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/curriculum/)
  * [MS SCMA Advisory Board](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/ms-scma-advisory-board/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/contact-us/)
  * [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

