Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/top-5-reasons-companies-need-supply-chain-expertis/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)
  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Top 5 Reasons for Supply Chain Expertise

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  4. [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  5. Top 5 Reasons for Supply Chain Expertise 

![Artwork for MSSCMA blog post - March 2016](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/graduates/ms-scm/iStock_000064942729_Full-copy-760x505-4.jpg)

Artwork for MSSCMA blog post - March 2016

## Companies need people who can manage complex supply chains, now more than
ever. Here's why.

##### Naren Agrawal, Benjamin and Mae Swig Professor

Ten years ago, if you flipped through the pages of popular management
magazines and journals, chances are that there were few articles discussing
the importance of supply chain management (SCM). In the last decade, however,
in publication after publication, a stunning number of senior executives have
identified SCM as critical to their companies’ competitive and financial
performance.

This is true for not only product-based industries – computers and
electronics, retail, automobiles, consumer products, and the like– amazingly,
it is also true for service-focused companies like Google.

Yes, even Google!

While it may be primarily known for its search engine, what enables Google to
be Google is the meticulous planning and coordination of the vast
infrastructure of assets in its data centers and energy-producing facilities.
The diversity of Google’s supply chain is truly impressive, noted its Vice
President of Worldwide Operations, Jim Miller, in a recent presentation at the
Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University.

Indeed, corporate and venture investments in systems, infrastructure, people
and planning solutions related to the supply chain function have exploded
during this period. So what explains this phenomenal growth in focus and
interest in supply chain excellence across industries? Here are the top five
reasons:

#### **1\. Changing customer attitudes**

Today’s customer is not the same as that of 10 years ago. Whether we speak of
end consumers like you and me, or an enterprise buyer, today’s customer wants
to spend a lot less time on the purchasing decision, cares a lot more about
information about the product, and, has access to a lot more information prior
to the purchase.

The net result: companies have to think very differently about how to deliver
value to their customers. For example, online retailers like Amazon are giving
a serious run for their money to brick-and-mortar retailers. However, the
economics, challenges, design and management of the supply chain for Amazon
are a world apart from that for the traditional brick-and-mortar stores. Not
surprisingly, SCM is a core competence for Amazon.

#### **2\. Customization (segment of one) and multi-dimensional competition**

Gone are the days when customers were satisfied with the black Ford Model T.
Consumers today are used to customized solutions tailored just for them.
What’s more, consumers will not settle for just low price, or just high
quality, at the expense of the other. Consumers expect low prices, high
quality, and high service, and many other attributes, all at the same time.

In light of this relentless focus on customized solutions and rising consumer
expectations, companies have had to enhance their supply chain competencies.
From technology companies like American Power Conversion selling complex
infrastructure systems and PC manufacturers like Dell, to consumer goods
companies like MyMuseli (customized cereals) and Zazzle (personalized gifts),
customization has enabled many companies to distinguish themselves in their
markets and earn healthy margins. A key pre-requisite? Razor sharp focus on
supply chain excellence.

#### 3\. Product proliferation

The relentless drive to offer relevant value to all consumers has led to an
explosion in the size of product portfolios that companies offer.

Try simple, back-of-the-envelope calculations to determine the number of
variants that Dell offers for a single model of its laptop, or Timbuk2 offers
for its messenger bags. The answer will surprise you – it is in billions!!
Yet, these companies can produce and deliver a specific configuration to their
customers in a matter of days. How can they do this? You would be right if
your answer included supply chain excellence.

#### 4\. Short product life cycles

Not only do companies want to compete by offering a lot of products, uniquely
customized for their customers, they do so by introducing new products at a
dizzying pace. A newly purchased laptop is already outdated in about three
months by a newer model that is faster, cheaper and better. This rapid pace at
which new products are introduced places unprecedented burdens on how
companies design, manage and coordinate their supply chains.

#### 5\. Globalization

Today, companies design products in one part of the world, source raw
materials in another, manufacture or assemble finished products in yet another
part, and sell to customers in an entirely different geography. What’s more,
when products fail, they are serviced by repair facilities in yet another
location, without compromising user experience.

And you may want to think again if you believe that companies can rest once
such a network is designed. Indeed, this structure must constantly evolve as
operating conditions evolve. This complex maze of facilities not only creates
a serious management challenge, it also exposes companies to financial,
political, and natural risks that are irrelevant in a fully domestic supply
chain.

Given these developments, companies are eager to recruit individuals who
understand these complexities, which is good news for those who are interested
in exciting careers in supply chain management.

In just three years (2010-2013), growth in employer demand for supply chain
and logistics management managers outpaced demand for all management positions
by an average of 7.65% nationally (research by the [Education Advisory
Board](http://www.eab.com)).

[According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics](http://www.bls.gov/ooh/business-
and-financial/buyers-and-purchasing-agents.htm):

  * The number of roles for operations research analysts is projected to grow 27% from 2012 to 2022.
  * Employment of logisticians is projected to grow 22% over the same period, and
  * Jobs for purchasing managers, buyers and purchasing agents, now numbering a half-million, will grow 4% between 2012 and 2022.

To respond to such trends, faculty at Santa Clara University’s Leavey School
of Business have collaborated with several Silicon Valley companies to develop
the only MS in Supply Chain Management and Analytics program in northern
California, which launches this summer. We expect our graduates to be in high
demand by firms whose supply chains extend around the world.

* * *

[Naren Agrawal](/business/isa/faculty/agrawal/) is the Benjamin and Mae Swig
Professor of Operations Management & Information Systems in the Leavey School
of Business at Santa Clara University. His expertise is in the areas of supply
chain management, service supply chain management, and manufacturing
competitiveness. He is co-editor of the book, " _Retail Supply Chain
Management_ ," and serves on the editorial review board of _Production and
Operations Management_.



###### Feb 2, 2016

[MS Supply Chain Management Sections __](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)[MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/)

  * [MS Supply Chain Management](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/)
  * [Curriculum](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/curriculum/)
  * [MS SCMA Advisory Board](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/ms-scma-advisory-board/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/contact-us/)
  * [Supply Chain Management Blog](/business/ms-supply-chain-management/blog/)
  * [MS Home](/business/ms-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

