Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/graduates/career-management/students/career-transition/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Career Transition

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Current Students](/business/graduates/)
  4. [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/)
  5. [Students](/business/graduates/career-management/students/)
  6. Career Transition 

## Navigate new roles and professional changes

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/illustrations-mp/Career-Consulting.jpg)

**Seeking a New Industry**

Switching to a new industry or a new role starts with in depth research of
your new target industry, identifying top companies and trends, it’s
competitive challenges, key revenue streams and the needs and demographic of
the customers it serves.  Joining key industry associations, attending
conferences and identifying recognized experts and groups in that industry to
follow on social media can help you quickly immerse yourself in a new base of
knowledge and identify skills gaps to address with professional certifications
or training programs.

Much of effective job search hinges on networking. Sharing your interest and
desire to switch industries with your current network might yield surprising
results. Actively cultivating a network in a new industry by attending
meetups, conferences and industry events can help you have ad hoc
informational interviews with people who have been in that industry thereby
helping you hone in on where your skills would be most valuable.

Graduate Business Career Management offers confidential 30-minute career
consulting for students year round with coaches who can help you strategize on
how to switch industries, and roles.

**Seeking a New Role**

Here are recommended steps for you to make an efficient transition:

###### Self-Assessment

CareerLeader is the premier business self-assessment tool used in graduate
business programs worldwide. CareerLeader will help you clarify your career
goals, functional and industry preferences by taking stock of your interests,
motivators and skills. You may take this [integrated
tool](https://www.scu.edu/business/graduates/career-
management/students/career-leader-request-form/) at your convenience, and then
receive a robust, insightful report.

###### **Identify Your Transferable Skills**

Which of your skills will enable you to contribute in a new role and/or
industry? Which do you enjoy using? Click here for a worksheet to help you
identify what you have to offer.

###### **Research Potential Roles**

You can use Career Insider / Vault to learn about different functional roles
and industries. You can also find people in the roles and industries that
interest you on LinkedIn. What backgrounds and skills do they have?

###### **Informational interview**

Talk to professionals currently in the roles you’re considering. Find out
which of your transferable skills are most relevant; which skills you may need
to develop; and anything else that will help you make the transition.

###### GBCM Career Consultant

Our [GBCM career consultants](https://www.scu.edu/business/graduates/career-
management/students/career-consulting/) will gladly meet with you to
brainstorm potential roles, re-tool your resume for a new role, and/or develop
a game plan for your transition.

**Starting a New Role: Your 90-Day Success Plan**

Starting a new role can be exciting, intimidating, and overwhelming all at
once. As a new hire, you have unique opportunities in the first 90 days that
might not be as easily accessible as time goes on. Make a strong first
impression by being open to learning and listening. Here are some tips for a
starting a new job or internship off on the right foot.

  * Listen and absorb all you can about the company, your team and its culture. Attend all meetings or gatherings, formal and casual so you can understand the company from different perspectives.
  * Avoid over-committing and under-delivering. In a new role, it’s important to focus on what you were hired to do and not spread yourself too thin.
  * Feel comfortable asking lots of questions. Your colleagues expect new hires to have questions - take advantage of the opportunity to do so.
  * You don’t want to step on toes, or come across as too strong. If you’ve been hired for your expertise or skill set, share your knowledge but be sensitive to your audience.
  * Offer to help or pitch in when appropriate. Your ability to help the team can forge strong relationships.
  * Be open to advice, help and constructive feedback.
  * Be as friendly, open and interested in people throughout the company so you can develop your own internal network for questions, and help.
  * Don’t compare your job or internal processes to your previous company.
  * Develop a connection with your manager (s). Ask how he/she/they prefer to be updated and how frequently. Ask for feedback on projects you’ve worked on.
  * Compliment and celebrate the success of others on your team and within the company.

[Current Students Sections __](/business/graduate-degrees/)[Current
Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)

  * [Current Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)
  * [Academics](/business/graduates/academic/)
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/)
    * [Career Events](/business/graduates/career-management/career-events/)
    * [Students](/business/graduates/career-management/students/)
      * [Resumes](/business/graduates/career-management/students/resumes/)
      * [Career Consulting](/business/graduates/career-management/students/career-consulting/)
      * Career Transition
      * [Job Search Resources](/business/graduates/career-management/students/job-search-resources/)
    * [Employers](/business/graduates/career-management/employers/)
    * [Spring Career Fair](/business/graduates/career-management/spring-career-fair/)
  * [Student Life](/business/graduates/student-life/)
  * [Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/)
  * [Calendar](/business/graduates/calendar/)
  * [Graduate Business Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/bulletin/graduate/leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [Graduates Home](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

