Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketingcertificate/program-logistics/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Program Logistics

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing Certificate](/business/marketingcertificate/)
  4. Program Logistics 

## Program FAQs & Logistics

[Registration is now open](https://cvent.me/GZGvX)! The next session takes
place May 9 (8AM-5PM), May 10 (8AM-545PM) , May 11 (8AM-5PM), May 1​6
(8AM-6PM) , May1​7 (8AM-6PM). For more information, please contact us at
svec@scu.edu.

##### Program

__

Q:   _Why is Santa Clara University offering a Product Management/Product
Marketing Certificate?_

A:  We are constantly monitoring the post-graduate needs of Silicon Valley
marketers. Today, they're asking for a hands-on program where they can
immediately apply what they learn.  The Productizing Innovation Certificate
meets that need.  
  

Q: _For whom is this certificate program designed?_

A: The Productizing Innovation Certificate is designed for the "always on"
working professional who is transitioning into a product management and/or
product marketing career.  It is also ideal for entry-level professionals
looking toward a product marketing career.  
  

Q: _Are there any prerequisites?_

A:  There are no prerequisites for the program  
  

Q:   _How long will the program run?_

A:  The program will run 6 full days, over 3 consecutive Friday - Saturday  
  

Q: _When is the next program?_

A: The next program will take place on the 2 consecutive weeks.  Thursday -
Saturday and Thursday - Friday.

Q: _How much does this cost?_

A: The program costs $4,895.00. But you can take advantage of the  Early Bird
Special$ 4,460.00.  This special ends on 3/22/2019. . We also offer a 10% off
discount on group sign ups.  
  

Q: _Who's teaching the course?_

A: What differentiates this course is that it will be taught by some of
Silicon Valley's most successful product marketers as well as experienced
faculty from Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of Business.  
  

Q: _How can I register?_

A: Visit
**[www.scu.edu/business/marketingcertificate](/business/marketingcertificate/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Marketing Certificate") ** and go
to the registration tab.  
  

Q: _Will there be homework or assignments outside of the class sessions?_

A: Due to the wealth of content and compressed timeframe, some activity
outside of the daily session hours will be required. There may also be some
topical readings prior to the first session.  
  

Q: _Does participation in the program provide academic credit towards a degree
at Santa Clara University?_

A: No, as this is a professional development program, successful program
participants will receive a Certificate of Completion in Productizing
Innovation.

##### Logistics

__

Q: _Does the program include hotel accommodations?_

A: Housing costs are borne by the participant and are not included in the
program fee.  Hotel accommodations are available near the SCU campus.  
  

Q: _Are meals provided?_

A:  Breakfast, lunch, as well as morning and afternoon snacks, are included in
the program fee. Coffee, tea, and water will also be available.  
  

Q: _What is the typical attire during the program?_

A: Business casual is the appropriate attire.  
  

Q: _Where can I find the program agenda?_

A: A detailed topic agenda will be available one week prior to the start of
the program. Sessions will take place on the SCU campus from 8.30 am - to 5:00
pm on the designated days.  
  

Q: _Should I bring my laptop or tablet?_

A: A laptop or tablet will be extremely valuable for accessing online
exercises, assignments, and other materials during the program. However, such
a device is not required to participate in the program.  
  

Q: _Where will the program take place?_

A: All program sessions will be held on the Santa Clara University Campus. The
designated building and room will be announced prior to the start of the
program.

##### Pricing

__

Q. _How can I pay and when is payment due?_

A. Full payment is due at the time of registration and at least two weeks
before the start of the program. Payment can be made via credit card (Amex,
Visa, Mastercard) or via Company Check payable to the Silicon Valley Executive
Center.  
  

Q. _Who can I contact with questions about payment and other information?_

A. Please send an email to [svec@scu.edu](mailto:svec@scu.edu).  
  

Q. How much does it cost to join the program?

A. PRICING

Tuition - **$4,995.00  **  
Early Bird Tuition -  **$4,745.25  **  
 _Special tuition for teams of 3 or more_



##### Program and Registration Policies

__

##### DISCOUNTS

The Silicon Valley Executive Center at Santa Clara University offers various
discounts on certain program fees. These include, but are not limited to,
current students, alumni, and faculty and staff of the university, as well as
early bird registrations, government employees, charitable non-profits, and to
groups of three or more who are from the same organization and are enrolling
in the same program session. Discounts may not be combined and are subject to
change at any time. Different programs may offer different discounts. Please
check individual registration forms for discount rates available for
individual programs.

Note: Discounts and special promotion codes must be entered at the time of
your original registration. They cannot be requested after your registration
is complete.

##### PAYMENT CONFIRMATION

After a registration has been completed, the registrant will receive an e-mail
confirming the registration. Additionally, the registrant will receive a
second confirmation e-mail with general program instructions and directions to
program facility prior to the program start date.

##### TRANSFER POLICY

If a registrant wishes to transfer their registration to a later program date,
they must adhere to the following policy. Transfers will be granted without
penalty, with written requests received five (5) or more business days prior
to the start of the program. Transfer requests received four (4) business days
or less of the program start date will be assessed a transaction fee of 10% of
the registration fee paid. The fee must be paid at the time of the request.
Transfer requests will only be granted one (1) time per registrant.

The registration is only transferrable to a program of the same price. If a
registrant wishes to transfer their registration to a program with a higher
registration fee, the difference must be paid in full at the time of transfer.
If a registrant wishes to transfer their registration to a program with a
lower registration fee, the difference will be refunded at the time of
transfer.

Note: Written requests for transfers must be sent via email to edc@scu.edu.

##### REFUNDS

Refund requests will be processed according to the following policy. All
refunds are subject to a 5% refund processing fee. A 100% refund (minus the
processing fee) will be granted with written cancellation requests received
fifteen (15) or more business days prior to the program start date. A 50%
refund (minus the processing fee) will be granted for written cancellation
requests received within ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days prior to the
program start date. No refund will be granted for cancellation requests
received within nine (9) or fewer business days prior to the start of the
program. No refund will be granted for no-shows or for partial participation.

Note: Written requests for refunds must be sent via email to edc@scu.edu.

##### PARTIAL PAYMENTS

You may make payments toward the balance due for your registration, however
you must adhere to the following criteria:

  1. The INITIAL PAYMENT MUST BE AT LEAST 50% of the total regular price of the price of the program.
  2. Full payment must be made prior to the start of the program or the amount paid toward the balance of the registration will be forfeited and is not refundable.
  3. Refund requests for registrations which are not yet paid in full will be processed against our refund policy guidelines AND will be subject to a 5% refund processing fee for each of the payments made toward the balance (including the initial payment).

##### SUBSTITUTIONS

If a registrant wishes to substitute their registration for another attendee,
they must adhere to the following policy. Substitutions may be made, without
penalty, with written requests received five (5) or more business days prior
to the start of the program. Substitution requests received four (4) business
days or less of the program start date will be assessed a transaction fee of
10% of the registration fee paid. The fee must be paid at the time of the
request. Substitution requests will only be granted one (1) time per
registrant.

Note: Written requests for transfers must be sent via email to edc@scu.edu.

##### CANCELLATIONS

We reserve the right to cancel a program at any time prior to the scheduled
start date. In the unlikely event that a program is cancelled, the
registration will automatically be transferred to the next scheduled program,
or a full refund will be granted at your request without penalty, whichever
you prefer.

##### COURSE MODIFICATION

A program's content may be modified or the program facilitator(s) substituted
at any time due to unforeseen or emergency circumstances; however, the
program's fundamental mission and learning objectives as stated in the program
description will be retained.

[Campus Map __](https://www.scu.edu/map?i=148)

Daily Agenda  
---  
Start Time | End Time | Event | Location  
7:30AM -     | 8:30AM | Breakfast | Lucas 106  
8:30AM - | 12:00PM | Session 1 | Lucas 106  
12:00PM -    | 1:00PM | Lunch | Lucas 106  
2:00PM -     | 5:00PM | Session 2 | Lucas 106  
  






[Marketing Certificate Sections __](/business/marketingcertificate/)[Marketing
Certificate](/business/marketingcertificate/)

  * [Marketing Certificate](/business/marketingcertificate/)
  * [Who Should Attend](/business/marketingcertificate/who-should-attend/)
  * [Program Outline](/business/marketingcertificate/program-outline/)
  * [Faculty](/business/marketingcertificate/faculty/)
  * Program Logistics
  * [Participant Feedback](/business/marketingcertificate/launch/)
  * [Inquire](/business/marketingcertificate/inquire/)

[Register Now](https://cvent.me/GZGvX)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

