Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cepi/become-a-cep/faq/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# FAQ

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  4. [Become a CEP](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/)
  5. FAQ 

Frequently Asked Questions and Answers

![Man and woman with question mark in background](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cepi/faq.png)



##### General Questions

__

**Q:  What are the benefits of certification?**

A: Certification indicates an individual has demonstrated a comprehensive
understanding of the equity compensation body of knowledge. Organizations and
individuals use Institute exams as a measurement of basic (Level I),
intermediate (Level II), and advanced (Level III) knowledge, skills, and
abilities related to equity compensation administration.  
  
The median salary of Certified Equity Professionals is 24% higher than equity
compensation professionals as a whole. A survey of Certified Equity
Professional designees found they gained greater confidence and recognition,
grew professionally with their company and earned more responsibilities and
technical knowledge as a result of certification.

* * *

**Q: What is the difference between an "exam" and a "course"?**  
  
A: The terms are used interchangeably throughout CEP Institute literature. The
CEP certification process is structured as a series of three independent-study
courses that include all reference texts and syllabi. Each course concludes
with an exam, which must be passed in order to progress to the next higher
course/exam level.  
  

* * *

**Q: How much time does it take to prepare for each exam?**  
  
A: Study time depends on educational background, time in the field and other
factors. A survey of CEP designees found their average study time per exam was
between 40 and 50 hours.  
  

* * *

**Q: Where and when are the exams offered?**  
  
A: Exams are offered on preset exam dates in November and June. We have exam
locations in over 20 cities nationwide and can accommodate candidates in
foreign locales on an individual basis.  
  

* * *

**Q: How long does it take to obtain certification?**  
  
A: The minimum time between initial registration and completion of CEP
Institute Level III exam is 14 months.  
  

* * *

**Q: What are the pre-requisites for the program?**  
  
A: While we have no formal educational requirements, we recommend 1, 2 and 3
years of equity compensation experience for CEPI Levels I, II and III
respectively. For more information, please see the program description.  
  

* * *

**Q: What is the relationship between Santa Clara University and the Certified
Equity Professional Institute?**  
  
A: The CEP Institute is a program of Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of
Business and Administration.  
  

* * *

**Q: After initial registration, how long do I have to complete the program?**  
  
A: There is no time limit. See the certification information handbook for more
information.  
  

* * *

**Q: Who writes test questions?**  
  
A: Members of the CEP Institute item development panel, who are expert equity
compensation practitioners selected by nomination and invitation.  
  

* * *

**Q: What is involved in test development?**  
  
A: Test development is a rigorous process, beginning with a Job Analysis
Survey. Psychometricians and subject matter experts (SMEs) use the information
gained in the survey to determine the domain specifications, from which they
create the domain sampling, and finally the task and knowledge statements,
which are used to determine the minimum knowledge base for each level.  
  
Psychometricians then work with SMEs to synthesize all the information into
the test specifications, the map which guides all aspects of item (exam
question) development.  
  
Once item development is complete, psychometricians review and analyze the
items, which are then reviewed by at least 3 SME panels and finally by the
certification council.  
  
Materials are updated from the sourcing information SMEs provide in the item
development process.  
  
After the exams are scored, the psychometricians perform statistical analyses,
the results of which are used in the SME standard setting panel, along with
all candidate comments, item sourcing, and any other pertinent information.  
  

* * *

**Q: Does the CEP Institute provide sample study questions?**  
  
A: At this time, the CEP Institute does not provide sample study questions
with the study materials. However, several outside sources offer study guides
and sample questions that many candidates find helpful. The following
companies currently provide sample questions and/or practice exams: FatRabbit
Services, National Center for Employee Ownership (NCEO). NASPP and
StockPlanAdministrator.com.   These and other educational resources are listed
on the resources and links page.

##### Exam Registration Questions

__

**Q: What is the cost of the exam?**

A: Registration for each level is $1495 ($1695 if outside the US).  Total cost
for all three levels is $4485 ($5085 outside the US)  
  

* * *

  **Q: How much do the books cost?  **

A: For 2018, the costs are: Level 1: $117, Level 2: Level 1 plus $47, Level 3:
Level 1 plus Level 2 plus $84.  All prices are US dollars and do NOT include
tax or shipping.  Costs are cumulative (i.e. for Level 2, the total cost is
$164 or Level 1 plus Level 2).  
  

* * *

**Q:  How much is tuition?**

A: Refer to the registration page for all fees. Tuition includes the self-
study binder, syllabus, and registration for the next scheduled examination.  
  

* * *

**Q: Will my company pay for CEPI tuition?**  
  
A: 92% of Certified Equity Professional designees reported their companies
paid all CEP Institute fees. Check with your company's policies.  
  

* * *

**Q: How do I register for the exam?**  
  
A: Every CEP candidate begins with Level 1. Candidates may register online.  
  

* * *

**Q: What is the exam registration deadline?**  
  
A: Approximately six weeks before the test administration. Please see the
certification information handbook for specific dates.  
  

* * *

**Q: Can I register for multiple exams at once?**  
  
A: No. Candidates may register for one exam at a time.  
  

* * *

**Q: Where are the test locations?**  
  
A: There are various test locations nationwide which are subject to change for
every exam date. View test locations.  
  

* * *

**Q: How do I get a receipt confirming registration fee payment?**  
  
A: A receipt is automatically provided to candidates who pay by credit card
through the online registration system. You may also send a written request to
the CEP Institute at cepi@scu.edu.  
  

* * *

**Q: Once I register, how long does it take to receive my study binder?**  
  
A: Approximately 2-4 weeks.

##### Before the Exam

__

**Q: What is the cost of replacing a reference text?**

  
A: Please see our materials page for current reference texts and binder fees.  
  

* * *

**Q: How do I join a study group?**  
  
A: Indicate your interest by checking "yes" when prompted by the online
registration system. If your registration has already been submitted without
this notification, contact the CEP Institute at cepi@scu.edu  
  

* * *

**Q: How do I prepare for CEP Institute exams?**  
  
A: Exam questions are based upon the course syllabi readings, so start there.
The exams are open book, so it often helps to mark and/or highlight the pages
of required readings. Participate in a study group. A CEP Institute survey
indicated that study group participants’ scores were higher, on average, than
scores for candidates who did not participate in study groups. Participate in
CEP Institute Exam Overview Webinar. Attend and ask questions at software user
group and association meetings. Course reviews are often offered by industry
organizations throughout the year.

##### During the Exam

__

**Q: What if I arrive late to the test?**

  
A: You will not be admitted to the exam and you will be considered a No Show.
A No Show candidate forfeits their exam registration fee and must reenter the
program as a new test candidate. The candidate must contact the CEPI in order
to register for any exams  
  

* * *

**Q: What if I finish the exam in less time than the scheduled time?**  
  
A: You may leave at any time until fifteen minutes before the end of the exam.
During the last 15 minutes of the exam, candidates must remain in their seats
until called to turn in the exam by the proctor to respect other candidates
still finishing up with the exam.  
  

* * *

**Q: Do exam questions have listed references to the reading materials?**  
  
A: No.



##### After the Exam, Procedures & Resources

__

**Q: Why does it take 6-8 weeks to get the results of the exam?**

  
A: The exams are mailed in from all over the country before the scoring can
begin. One week is allowed for this. Next, we score the exams electronically
and convene a standard setting panel to work with a psychometrician on a
series of complex statistical calculations to verify that each exam question
performed appropriately.....this takes about two weeks. Next, we allow two
weeks to investigate any anomalous results that the first statistical analysis
found. Finally, we allow two weeks in case any of the results have to be
appealed to the Certification Council. If there is a question that an exam
item might have been misinterpreted, it goes to the council. Also, any scores
that fall within 3 points of passing are automatically rescored and evaluated
during this time. Then, we report the results via mail....allow the last week.  
  

* * *

**Q: What is the pass rate for each exam?**  
  
A: Average pass rates since 2009: Level 1: 67.4%., Level 2: 64%,  
Level 3: 65.8%. (Rates exclude retests and deferrals.)  
  

* * *

**Q: What score is required to pass each exam?**  
  
A: This is determined by the standard setting committee for each exam
administration.  
  

* * *

**Q: How is the passing score determined for each level?**  
  
A: After each exam, the CEP Institute convenes Standard Setting Panels, using
the Angoff method to establish the passing points for minimally qualified
Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 candidates.  
  
Three panels of CEP designees, one for each exam level, review the examination
forms to determine how many test questions a minimally qualified candidate
should answer in order to pass the examination.  
  
The Angoff method includes the following steps:  
  
The knowledge of a "minimally competent candidate" is defined for Level 1,
Level 2, and Level 3  
  
Panelists individually review examination questions and estimate the
percentage of "minimally competent" candidates who will answer each question
correctly  
  
Passing scores equal the average of the sum of individual panelist ratings  
  
The Angoff process is the most commonly used approach to set standards on
multiple choice credentialing examinations. It ensures that examination
passing points are not arbitrarily determined.  
  

* * *

**Q: Do you offer continuing professional educational credits/units for the
CEP designation?**  
  
A: The CEP exams are not registered with the NASBA for continuing professional
education units.  Your state licensing board may accept the exam as CPE -
please check your professional licensing body.  Upon request, the CEP
Institute (at cepi@scu.edu) will issue a letter of proof of completion and the
recommendation for 40 credit hours per exam. The CEP Institute does not
guarantee that your licensing body will accept the recommendation and/or
proof.  
  

* * *

**Q: Is there a job bank for CEP designees and CEP candidates?**  
  
A: Yes, the job bank is on this web site. It also has further information on
how to post job openings.  
  

* * *

**Q: Is continuing education required to maintain the CEP designation?**  
  
A: Yes, please see continuing education for more information.  
  

* * *

**Q: How do I change my contact information with the CEP Institute?**  
  
A: Use our online registration system - MyCEP - to update your contact
information. If you already have an account but don't remember your password,
be sure to contact cepi@scu.edu to get your password instead of setting up a
new account.  
  

* * *

**Q: Are exam scores released to my employer?**  
  
A: Yes - BUT only if the candidate registers for an exam using a payment code
provided by their employer. When a candidate registers for an exam with a
payment code, the candidate authorizes the CEP Institute to release the
results to the owner of the code (ie the employer). In all other cases, exam
scores are confidential and released only to individual candidates. See the
certification information handbook for more information.  
  

* * *

**Q: How long does it take to receive the Certified Equity Professional
designation?**  
  
A: 14 months or more.  
  

* * *

**Q: Can I receive my exam score report via email?**  
  
A: To meet the most stringent security measures, exam results are distributed
by USPS mail only.

[Certified Equity Professional Institute Sections
__](/business/cepi/)[Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)

  * [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  * [About Us](/business/cepi/about/)
  * [Become a CEP](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/)
    * [Register](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/register/)
    * [Scholarship](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/scholarship/)
    * [Exams](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/exams/)
    * [Study Materials](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/study-materials/)
    * FAQ
    * [Request Information](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/cepi-info-packet/)
  * [Current CEPs ](/business/cepi/current-ceps/)
  * [Employers / Recruiters](/business/cepi/employers/)
  * [GPS Research Publications](/business/cepi/gpsproject/)
  * [CEP Annual Silicon Valley Symposium](/business/cepi/symposium/)
  * [Continuing Education Calendar](/business/cepi/calendar/)
  * [News and Events](/business/cepi/news/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cepi/contactus/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

