Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/caap/prospective/tuition/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Tuition & Financial Aid

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  4. [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
  5. Tuition & Financial Aid 

Tuition & Financial Aid

Application Fee - $75

Cost Per Unit - $330

  **Catalog Number** |    **Course Name** |    **Units** |    **Price**  
---|---|---|---  
 ACTG 180 |  Introduction to Financial Accounting |  5 |  $1,650  
 ACTG 181 |  Intermediate Financial Accounting I |  6 |  $1,980  
 ACTG 182 |  Intermediate Financial Accounting II |  6 |  $1,980  
 ACTG 183 |  Auditing |  5 |  $1,650  
 ACTG 184 |  Advanced Accounting |  6 |  $1,980  
 ACTG 185 |  Cost Management and Strategy |  6 |  $1,980  
 ACTG 186 |  Tax Aspects of Business Decisions |  6 |  $1,980  
 ACTG 187 |  Accounting Information Systems |  5 |  $1,650  
  |   **Total (ACTG 180-187)** |    **45** |    **$14,850**  
  
##### Payment and Refund Policy

__

#### Payment and Refund Policy

The CAAP Program commits faculty and University resources, so students are
urged to understand the payment, refund, and cancellation policy before
committing to the program. Students must make payment in full for all courses
they wish to take.

#### Summer Program

For the Summer Program, bills will be available on May 1 and will be due May
21 unless you are accepted to the program after this date in which case
tuition is due upon acceptance. If you withdraw prior to the first day of your
first course, you will receive a 100% tuition refund (less $200 non-refundable
deposit). If you withdraw after the first class meeting, you will not be
eligible for a refund for that class, but will be allowed to receive a 100%
refund for any course that has not yet begun. There will be no refund provided
for any course that has already begun.

#### Weekend Program

For the Weekend Program, bills will be available on August 1, December 1, and
March 1, and will include tuition for classes in which you are enrolled in
that quarter. Bills are due August 21, December 21, and March 21. If you
withdraw prior to the first day of your first course, you will receive a 100%
tuition refund (less $200 non-refundable deposit). If you withdraw after the
first class meeting, you will not be eligible for a refund for that class, but
will be allowed to receive a 100% refund for any course that has not yet
begun. There will be no refund provided for any course that has already begun.

##### What Type of Loans Are Available to Me?

__

#### Summer Program

There are two federal student loan programs available for student enrolled in
the Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency program.  If this federal
aid is unavailable or insufficient, other loan options such as a private
alternative loan can supplement the difference.

**Unsubsidized - William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan**

You must enroll at least half-time to be eligible for William D. Ford Federal
Direct Loan.  A maximum of $2,500 (for dependent students) and $4,166 (for
independent students) is available. William D. Ford Loan subsidized and/or
William D. Ford Loan unsubsidized are for students who choose to complete the
FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) at www.fafsa.ed.gov.  **When
completing the FAFSA, it is critical that you answer as a “Fifth Year
Undergraduate” when asked about your grade level.  **Any remaining funds
needed to cover the cost of the program would come from a Private Alternative
Loan.

Federal Direct Loans - loan funds from this option will be sent to Santa Clara
University and credited to your student account after all loan documents have
been completed.

**NOTE:**  With the passage of the Student Loan Certainty Law of 2013, federal
student loan interest rates are tied to the financial market.  Under this act,
interest rates will be determined each spring for new loans made for the
upcoming award year, which runs from July 1 to the following June 30.  Each
loan will have a fixed interest rate for the life of the loan.  

**Private Alternative Loan**

Private Loans can help you pay your college expenses that may not be covered
by federal loan programs or other financial aid.  Interest rates are generally
variable for private alternative loans and are typically higher than federal
loans.  In order to receive this loan, student must choose a lender, apply for
the loan and complete the Master Promissory Note online using the lender’s
website.  If you choose this option, the loan funds will be sent to Santa
Clara University and credited to your student account after all loan documents
have been completed.

**Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)  
**

We recommend that you first complete a Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) at  **www.fafsa.ed.gov**  to determine federal eligibility.  The
FAFSA should be completed at the time you are completing your admission
application for the Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency program.
**When completing the FAFSA, it is critical that you answer as a “Fifth Year
Undergraduate” when asked about your grade level.**

If you are a first-time recipients of a Federal Direct Loan, you must complete
both entrance counseling and a Master Promissory Note (MPN) before you can
receive your federal loans.

For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

Note: Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information.
However, since financial and policy is subject to change, especially
regulatory change, which  occur frequently at federal, state and University
levels, the information contained herein is subject to change without notice.
jsr REV 1-2015  
  

#### Weekend Program

**Types of Loan Programs**

There are two federal student loan programs available for student enrolled in
the Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency program.  If this federal
aid is unavailable or insufficient, other loan options such as a private
alternative loan can supplement the difference.

**Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)**

We recommend that you first complete a Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) at www.fafsa.ed.gov to determine federal eligibility.  The FAFSA
should be completed at the time you are completing your admission application
for the Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency program.  **W** **hen
completing the FAFSA, it is critical that you answer as a “Fifth Year
Undergraduate” when asked about your grade level.**

**Unsubsidized - William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan**

You must enroll at least half-time to be eligible for William D. Ford Federal
Direct Loan.  The maximum amount that a student can be borrowed each academic
year is dependent on the program ($7,500 for dependent students, $12,500 for
independent students).

Federal Direct Loans - loan funds from this option will be sent to Santa Clara
University and credited to your student account after all loan documents have
been completed.

NOTE: With the passage of the Student Loan Certainty Law of 2013, federal
student loan interest rates are tied to the financial market.  Under this act,
interest rates will be determined each spring for new loans made for the
upcoming award year, which runs from July 1 to the following June 30.  Each
loan will have a fixed interest rate for the life of the loan.

**Private Alternative Loan  
**

Private Loans can help you pay your college expenses that may not be covered
by federal loan programs or other financial aid.  Interest rates are generally
variable for private alternative loans and are typically higher than federal
loans.  In order to receive this loan, student must choose a lender, apply for
the loan and complete the Master Promissory Note online using the lender’s
website.  If you choose this option, he loan funds will be sent to Santa Clara
University and credited to your student account after all loan documents have
been completed.

For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

Note: Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information.
However, since financial and policy is subject to change, especially
regulatory change, which  occur frequently at federal, state and University
levels, the information contained herein is subject to change without notice.
jsr REV 1-2015

##### How Should I Apply for Loans?

__

To be awarded with federal loans, please begin by completing the FAFSA at
www.fafsa.ed.gov.

The FAFSA should be completed at the time you are completing your admissions
application for the CAAP Program. **When completing the FAFSA, it is critical
that you choose "5th year undergrad" as your grade level on the application.  
**

Once you have been admitted to the CAAP program and the Financial Aid Office
has received your FAFSA, we will generate an electronic financial aid award
letter listing your federal student loan eligibility. Once you are awarded the
federal loans maximum by the Financial Aid Office, please accept the loans on
eCampus and complete the required Master Promissory Note (MPN) and Entrance
Counseling Tutorial online at
<https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/index.action> . Your Federal Student
Aid PIN is required to access this secure website. The loan funds will not
disburse to your student account until both requirements have been completed.

For Private Alternative Loans, please visit the Financial Aid Office's website
at [https://www.scu.edu/financialaid/types-of-aid/private-
loans/](/financialaid/types-of-aid/private-loans/ "Home » Home » Financial Aid
» Types of Aid » Private Loans") to obtain information on how to choose a
lender and apply online for this loan. **When completing the online
application for a Private Alternative Loan using your lender's website, please
specify your grade level as "5th year undergraduate" or "undergraduate". The
lenders will ask for your grade level on the loan application and it is
critical that they understand you are not in a graduate program.  **

Please contact the Enrollment Services Center at 408-551-1000 or via email at
onestop@scu.edu with any questions throughout the financial aid application
process.

##### What Is the Timeline for the Loan Application Process?

__

In order to have your financial aid completed for payment deadlines, please
begin the financial aid application process when you are applying to the CAAP
program. Once the FAFSA is submitted online and you have been admitted to the
CAAP Program, you will receive email notification through SCU email system
from the Financial Aid Office notifying you that your award letter is ready to
view/accept/decline on eCampus.

For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

##### How Do I Accept My Award?

__

If you received a financial aid e-mail award notification, you should log-on
to the eCampus system to accept or decline your aid. In order to access
eCampus you will need your Student ID number and password.

  * Sign into eCampus, under "Finances" select "View/Print Award Letter"
  * Select the "View" link to access your award 
  * Select the tab labeled "Accept/Decline Awards" at the bottom of the page
  * Select the appropriate academic aid year 
  * Read the Statement of Educational Purpose and select the "I Agree" tab 
  * Check all aid which you wish to Accept or Decline and select the "Submit" tab 
  * Select "Yes" to continue with submission 
  * Select "OK" 

Once the Direct Student Loan(s) is/are accepted on eCampus, complete the
required Master Promissory Note and Entrance Counseling Tutorial online at
https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/index.action. Your Federal Student Aid
PIN is required to access this secure web site. The loan funds will not
disburse to your student account until both requirements have been completed.
There are no exceptions to this federal requirement.  
  

You will need your SCU User ID (WXXXXXXX) and access to eCampus for financial
aid purposes. The Financial Aid Office will communicate with you by using the
SCU email address.



For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

[Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency Sections
__](/business/caap/)[Certificate of Advanced Accounting
Proficiency](/business/caap/)

  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  * [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
    * [Application](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
    * [Admissions Information](/business/caap/prospective/admissions/)
    * Tuition & Financial Aid
    * [Course Descriptions](/business/caap/prospective/courses/)
    * [Faculty Bios](/business/caap/prospective/bios/)
    * [FAQs](/business/caap/prospective/faqs/)
  * [Current Students](/business/caap/current/)
  * [Employers/Recruiters](/business/caap/employers/)
  * [Alumni](/business/caap/alumni/)
  * [CAAP Calendar](/business/caap/calendar/)
  * [Apply Now](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/caap/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for a CAAP Info Session](/business/caap/caap-info/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/
)

  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

