Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/caap/prospective/faqs/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# FAQs

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  4. [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
  5. FAQs 

CAAP FAQs

Designed for **individuals with a non-accounting bachelor's degree** , the
Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency (CAAP) Program fosters an
intimate learning environment with high-quality faculty and grants the
necessary accounting units to sit for the CPA exam. The CAAP program consists
of eight undergraduate level accounting courses to be completed in either our
summer or weekend program. All courses are held on campus at Santa Clara
University.

The Summer CAAP program is completed in approximately 14 weeks. This is an
intensive course and it is suggested that students do not work and minimize
other extracurricular activities while enrolled. Classes are held Monday
through Friday.

The Weekend CAAP program is completed in approximately nine months. Class is
held on Saturdays or Sundays. The weekend program allows students to work
full-time Monday through Friday.

Please contact our office directly at caap@scu.edu or by phone at (408)
554-4522 to learn how **the CAAP Program can change your life.**

##### General Questions

__

##### Can I take the CAAP program while in a master degree program?

**Yes**. Please keep in mind that students in the CAAP program earn
undergraduate units, not graduate units. Units earned in the CAAP program
cannot be transferred to replace MBA classes at Santa Clara University.
Transferring units to other institutions is at the discretion of the degree
granting institution.

##### Does the CAAP program accept transfer credit?

**No.** Exceptions can be made for undergraduate or MBA accounting course(s)
taken at Santa Clara University. Please contact us at caap@scu.edu for more
specific guidance.

##### Can I continue to work full-time and successfully complete the CAAP
program?

**Summer:** We strongly discourage summer program students from planning to
work part-time or full-time while in the program. Successful completion of the
program typically requires 4 hours per weekday in class, and 6-8 hours of
daily study outside class time. This typically precludes working at the same
time. We encourage students who plan to continue working while participating
in the summer CAAP program to make arrangements with their employer for
additional time off or lighter duties.

**Weekend:** We anticipate that most of the students in the Saturday or Sunday
program will be working full time during the program. All classes are held on
Saturday or Sunday to limit conflict with normal work schedules.

##### Prerequisites

__

##### Are there prerequisites for admission into the CAAP program?

**Yes**. Applicants must have a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited
U.S. college or university or a foreign equivalent. Applicants must submit an
official transcript documenting conferral of the degree including final
cumulative GPA.

All international transcripts must be evaluated by any California Board of
Accountancy approved evaluation service. Evaluations must show U.S. bachelor
degree equivalency and final cumulative grade point average.

Students whose undergraduate or graduate GPA is lower than 2.5 must submit
both a statement of purpose and a letter of recommendation in addition to
transcripts. Low GPA does not disqualify a student from acceptance.

##### Can a student be admitted and enrolled to the CAAP program if he or she
does not have an undergraduate degree?

**No**. Applicants must earn a minimum of a bachelor’s degree prior to being
enrolled in the CAAP program.

##### Do students who have earned a degree in accounting qualify for the CAAP
program?

**No**. The CAAP program is designed for students who majored in a subject
other than accounting.

##### Do students who did not major in business qualify for the CAAP program?

**Yes!** The CAAP program is designed for students with a non-accounting
degree. Many students without business backgrounds have been successful in the
program.

##### Do I need to take any test to enroll in the CAAP program?

**No.**

##### Are interviews required for admission to the CAAP program?

**No.**

##### Application

__

##### When is the deadline to apply to the CAAP program?

Students are admitted on a rolling basis, and it is recommended that potential
students apply early in the application cycle. The application for both the
Summer and Weekend Program opens in January.

If you would like to be added to our email list to be reminded when the
application cycle begins for your program of interest, please send your
contact information to caap@scu.edu.

##### Is there an advantage to sending in my application before the deadline?

Students who meet the academic requirements are admitted on a rolling basis.
Applying early in the application cycle maximizes the chances of admission and
placement in one’s preferred cohort.

##### How can I check the status of my application?

Santa Clara University's Silicon Valley Executive Center processes all CAAP
program applications, and will communicate with students as quickly as
possible regarding application status. Applications are typically processed
within two to four weeks of receipt. Questions can be addressed to the Silicon
Valley Executive Center at caap@scu.edu or 408-554-4522.

##### International Applicants

__

##### Are there additional requirements for students whose first language is
not English?

**Yes.**  Students who completed their formal education in a non-English
speaking institution must complete the TOEFL exam and submit the results with
their application.

##### Do I have to get my foreign credentials evaluated?

**Yes.** International transcripts must be evaluated by any California Board
of Accountancy approved agency found at
<http://www.dca.ca.gov/cba/applicants/foreign.pdf>. Evaluations must show a
U.S. bachelor’s degree equivalency and final cumulative grade point average.
Applicants must possess the foreign equivalent of a U.S. bachelor's degree
from a regionally accredited U.S. college or university.

##### Do I need to submit TOEFL scores if my native language is English?

**No.**

##### My native language is not English, and I did not receive education in
English. Do I need to submit TOEFL score

**Yes.**

Students whose native language is English, or received their formal education
in English need not submit TOEFL scores. Students who completed their formal
education at a non-English speaking institution must complete the TOEFL exam
and submit the results with their application.

Note: Applicants whose native language is English need not submit TOEFL
scores.

##### I am an international student, can I apply for a F-1 Visa?

**No.**

The Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency (CAAP) program is offered
via a part-time weekend schedule. As such, international students are
ineligible to apply since US Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
requirements for international students mandate full-time enrollment in
academic programs. Visas cannot be issued for the Summer CAAP program.

The Leavey School of Business offers graduate programs which may serve the
needs of international students and for which they may be eligible.
International students interested in these programs should contact the
Graduate Business area at gradbusiness@scu.edu or 408-554-4539.

##### Acceptance

__

##### How long does it take for my application to be processed once it is
received?

Applications are processed two-four weeks after receipt. In order for an
application to be processed, applicants must submit transcripts showing that a
minimum of a bachelor degree has been conferred. If the applicant has a GPA
lower than 2.5 all additional material must be submitted before the
application will be considered complete.

##### Does admission constitute admission into a degree granting program at
Santa Clara University?

**No.**

Admission to the Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency program does
not constitute admission to a degree-granting program at Santa Clara
University.

##### Enrollment

__

##### When are students enrolled in classes?

Summer: Students admitted January-April are enrolled in April. Students
admitted after April 30 will be enrolled upon receipt of the program deposit.

Weekend: Students are enrolled in August.

##### Do students that have taken accounting courses in another program still
need to take the introductory course?

To be eligible to waive ACTG 180 students must have taken an equivalent course
at an AACSB-accredited institution, and completed within 2 years with a grade
of B or better. Limited exceptions may be made for students who can document a
working knowledge of introductory accounting.

##### Should SCU MBA students who have successfully completed ACTG 301 enroll
in ACTG 180?

SCU MBA students may not need to enroll in the introductory sequence depending
on how well they learned and retained the material of ACTG 301, and how long
ago the classes were taken. Please consult with the CAAP Faculty Director for
more specific guidance.

##### Billing and Financial Aid

__

##### How is billing handled?

Admitted students are billed through SCU’s eCampus system.

**Summer** : Tuition is due in full May 21.  

**Weekend** : Students enrolled in the Weekend CAAP program are billed over
three quarters. Billing is subject to the courses in which the student is
enrolled. Tuition payments are due on August 21, December 21 and March 21.

If you have questions about billing or financial aid please contact Yasmine
Gera in the Financial Aid Office via email at ygera@scu.edu or by phone at
408-554-4150. She will be able to provide you with additional information
about your payment options.

##### What types of financial aid options are available for CAAP students?

Ford Federal Direct Subsidized and/or Unsubsidized Loans are available for
students who choose to complete the **FAFSA** application at
[www.fafsa.ed.gov](http://www.fafsa.ed.gov). **The lenders will ask for your
grade level on the loan application and it is critical that they understand
that you are not in a graduate program.** For more information regarding
financial aid, including instructions for applying,  [please click
here.](/business/caap/prospective/tuition/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency » Prospective
Students » Tuition & Financial Aid")

For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

##### Can I apply for a Private Alternative Loan?

**Yes**. Students can apply for a Private Alternative Loan to cover the cost
of the program not covered by FAFSA. For students who would rather borrow the
entire amount needed for the program in one loan, you may apply for a Private
Alternative Loan up to the Cost of Attendance, through any lender you choose.
The lenders will ask for your grade level on the loan application and it is
critical that they understand that you are not in a graduate program.  

For additional information or for assistance with the financial aid process,
students should contact the Enrollment Services Center at
[onestop@scu.edu](mailto:onestop@scu.edu) or [(408)
551-1000](tel:\(408\)%20551-1000).

##### Disqualification

__

##### Is it possible to fail classes in the CAAP program?

**Yes**. CAAP is an academically rigorous program and some students may not
achieve a passing grade.

##### What are the consequences of failing a class in the CAAP program?

A grade of F is considered a failing grade, and the units will not be counted
toward certificate requirements. If a student receives the grade of F he or
she will not be allowed to continue in the program.

##### Faculty

__

##### Do all professors that teach in the CAAP program have advanced degrees?
Do you use part-time instructors?

CAAP classes are usually taught by regular, full time Santa Clara accounting
faculty holding doctoral degrees in accounting. We may invite a similarly
qualified faculty member from another accredited University to teach one or
more courses.

##### California CPA

__

##### Does the CAAP program cover all of the accounting units needed for
licensure in California?

**Yes**. The CAAP program is designed to meet all of the requirements for
accounting units when all courses are completed (ACTG 180-187).

##### Are there other requirements to sit for the California CPA exam beyond
accounting?

**Yes**. There is also a business unit requirement that must be met in order
to sit for the CPA Exam. The CA Board of Accountancy
(http://www.dca.ca.gov/cba) provides more information about the requirements
in the Uniform CPA Examination Handbook found at:
<http://www.dca.ca.gov/cba/applicants/exambook.pdf>

##### How can I evaluate my classes that I have on my transcripts?

The California Board of Accountancy also has a self-assessment worksheet
designed to assist you in evaluating the education you have already completed
and planning for any future education found here:
<http://www.dca.ca.gov/cba/applicants/self-assess-wrksheet.pdf>

##### Once I pass the California CPA exam will I be a licensed CPA?

**No.** After you have qualified and passed the California CPA you must then
meet licensure requirements. For more detailed information please see
<http://www.dca.ca.gov/cba/>.

[Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency Sections
__](/business/caap/)[Certificate of Advanced Accounting
Proficiency](/business/caap/)

  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency](/business/caap/)
  * [Prospective Students](/business/caap/prospective/)
    * [Application](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
    * [Admissions Information](/business/caap/prospective/admissions/)
    * [Tuition & Financial Aid](/business/caap/prospective/tuition/)
    * [Course Descriptions](/business/caap/prospective/courses/)
    * [Faculty Bios](/business/caap/prospective/bios/)
    * FAQs
  * [Current Students](/business/caap/current/)
  * [Employers/Recruiters](/business/caap/employers/)
  * [Alumni](/business/caap/alumni/)
  * [CAAP Calendar](/business/caap/calendar/)
  * [Apply Now](/business/caap/prospective/application/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/caap/contact-us/)
  * [RSVP for a CAAP Info Session](/business/caap/caap-info/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/
)

  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

