Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/cfie-events/cfie-past-events/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# CFIE Past Events

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  5. CFIE Past Events 

### The Business of Wine: 2018

### ![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/events/Grape-
Illustration-563x295.jpg)

### Business Of Wine & Spirits

### Sustainability In The Wine Industry



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/events/Wine-spots-360x328.png)

The 4th annual “Business of Wine” was held Friday, May 11, 2018. We gathered
in the beautiful Lucas Hall Courtyard, adjacent to the Leavey School of
Business. Our theme focused on sustainability and green practices in the wine
industry.

**Our distinguished  panel included:**

_**Allison Jordan** , Vice President of Environmental Affairs, The Wine
Institute _

_**Julien Gervreau** , Director of Sustainability, Jackson Family Wines_

_**Jeffrey Patterson** , Winemaker & Co-owner, Mt. Eden Vineyards_

_**Cris Steller** , Executive Director, California Artisanal Distillers Guild
(CADG), founding partner at Dry Diggings Distillery_

**_Moderator:_**

_**Craig Rashkis** , Esq. SCU ’93, JD ’00, Alcohol Beverage and Business Law
Attorney_

###

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/events/business-of-beer-2017-1.jpg)

#### The Business of Beer: 2017

Please join us for the Business of Beer on Friday, September 29th at 5:00 p.m.
in the Mission Gardens. Ticket prices include a buffet dinner, a panel
discussion, and tastings. We are excited to present our distinguished panel
featuring: Dr. Charlie Bamforth Anheuser-Busch Endowed Professor of Malting
and Brewing at UC Davis, Jennifer Talley Lead Brewer for Auburn Ale House, and
Dustin Vereker Chief Beer Ambassador for Discretion Brewing. SCU Law Alumnus,
Craig Rashkis, '00, Farwell Rashkis, LLP will moderate the panel.

**** ****

**Participating vendors:  **Lagunitas Brewing Co, Sierra Nevada Brewing Co,
Auburn Ale House, Discretion Brewing, Golden State Brewery, Santa Clara Valley
Brewing, Seismic Brewing Co, Almanac Brewing Co, Taplands and Regrained
(nutrition bars from spent grain).

****This event has sold out!****

![FAI Business of Bees Presentation](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/business-of-bees-1-760x570-2.jpg)

#### The Business of Bees: 2017

Over 80 students, faculty, staff, and guests filled the Williman Room in
Benson Center on Wednesday, February 8, 2017 for “The Business of Bee’s”
event. Hosted by the student staff of the Food and Agribusiness Institute, the
night consisted of individual presentations and a panel discussion by renowned
research associate of UC Davis, Bernardo Niño, President of the Santa Clara
Bee Guild, Ken McKenzie, and Master beekeeper and owner of Mama Q's Family
Honey Farm, Roger Quinlan. Moderated by Professor Leslie Gray, panelists
answered various questions regarding the size of the bee industry, colony
collapse disorder, the impact of large scale beekeepers, and the variances in
bee behavior as a result of the environment. In particular, audience members
enjoyed hearing about the almond pollination process as well as the
differences in the taste of honey depending on the location of a hive. Both
the Santa Clara Bee Guild and The Forge Garden at Santa Clara University were
generous enough to provide honey from their bee hives for an audience tasting
before and after the event. Overall, event attendees walked out of the event
with a belly full of honey and the current buzz on bees!

![Business-of-Wine-760.png](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Business-of-
Wine-760-760x570.png)

#### Business of Wine 2017

####  

![Business of Beer 2016](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/BOBlargesize-1-760x506.jpg)

#### The Business of Beer: 2016

On Friday, October 21, 2016 the Food and Agribusiness Institute welcomed fall
by hosting its third annual Business of Beer event. The Mission Garden was
breathtaking as always and the attendees were abuzz, chatting about the
sensational beer being offered by Gordon Biersch Brewing Company, WildCide,
21st Amendment Brewery, Taplands, Golden State Brewery, Santa Clara Valley
Brewing, Lagunitas Brewing Company, Morgan Territory Brewing, Seismic Brewing
Company, and Working Man Brewing Company.

After everyone had a chance to taste a few selections, they moved over to
dinner and the panel discussion. Courtney Robinson, SCU ’12 MBA ’15 Marketing
& Strategic Planning Manager, Gordon Biersch Brewing Company, Christopher
Jackson, SCU ’11 Founder of Seismic Brewing, and Bart Watson, Chief Economist
at the Brewers Association, made up this year’s impressive panel. There was
discussion of the market for hops, what impact faux craft beers have had on
the industry, and what they are excited to see as the industry continues to
grow and change. Audience questions ranged from conscientious practices when
marketing craft beer to young adults and how sustainability goals factor into
business plans.

The spirited conversations between faculty, staff, students, and guests
continued as they transitioned back to the tasting area, under the twinkling
lights of the Mission Garden. Brewery representatives had the opportunity to
share what’s special about their beers and students were able to network with
the panelist and other guests.

 As an institute within the Leavey School of Business, FAI’s “Business of”
events continue to grow in popularity and offer students an opportunity to
engage with industry innovators and experts.

**View the event photo album below:  
**[https://www.facebook.com/pg/
SCU.FAI/photos/?tab=album&album_id=10153948446437143](https://www.facebook.com/pg/SCU.FAI/photos/?tab=album&album_id=10153948446437143)

![](https://ssl.gstatic.com/ui/v1/icons/mail/images/cleardot.gif)

![Alt Proteins use this.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Alt-
Proteins-use-this-720x540.jpg)

#### Food Innovation: The Future of Alternative Proteins

Join us for a panel discussion on “The Future of Alternative Proteins”
featuring The Good Food Institute (GFI), a start-up incubator whose mission is
to bring together the brightest innovators, forward-thinking investors, and
food marketing visionaries, to produce food in a new and better way. The panel
will highlight four companies GFI supports: Geltor, Hampton Creek, Miyoko’s
Kitchen and Perfect Day. Erica Riel-Carden, SCU JD ’15 from Royse Law will
moderate the panel.

The evening will begin with a light vegetarian dinner followed by the panel
discussion and conclude with a networking meet and greet.  
This will be the first in the three-part series of “The Future of Alternative
Proteins” hosted by the Food and Agribusiness Institute and the Leavey School
of Business.

![Allison-Kopf-software-is-feeding-the-world-v2](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/Allison-Kopf-software-is-feeding-the-world-760x424.jpg)

#### Software is Feeding the World

The Food and Agribusiness Institute will be hosting Allison Kopf ’11 in a
conversation with Business School Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley.

A Santa Clara University Grand Reunion event.

Light refreshments will be provided.

This event is free.

![altproteinreduced.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/altproteinreduced-760x421.jpg)

#### Food Innovation: Alternative Proteins

Please join us for the “Food Innovation: Alternative Proteins” event on
Monday, May 23rd in Lucas Hall, Suite 126 (Forbes Center) at 6 pm. Four
panelists from Illucen, the Good Food Institute (GFI), Memphis Meats, and
BioNascent – companies committed to creating and promoting healthier, safer,
and more sustainable proteins – will share their insights and experiences
about the industry.

  
Panelists will include Steve McShane, David Kay, Dr. Milena Esherick, and
Craig Rouskey. SCU MBA ’03 alum Steve McShane is a co-founder of Illucen, an
insect-based protein start-up that produces fertilizer and animal feed
alternatives. David Kay is the Business/Marketing Analyst for Memphis Meats, a
start-up based in the San Francisco area that creates cultured meat products.
Dr. Milena Esherick is the Senior Advisor for GFI, which promotes cultured and
plant-based alternatives to animal products. BioNascent Chief Scientific
Officer Craig Rouskey works to create better infant formula by using
microorganisms to produce the exact ingredients in breast milk. Mark your
calendars – this is a thought-provoking event that you won’t want to miss!

![OCHO Candy Filed Trip Fri April  29](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/ocho-candy-760x427.png)

#### OCHO Candy Field Trip  
Friday April 29, 2016

Register via Eventbrite here
[https://ochofieldtrip.eventbrite.com](https://ochofieldtrip.eventbrite.com/)

![ethics-of-coffee-and-chocolate.png](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/ethics-of-coffee-and-chocolate-760x428.png)

#### Ethics of Coffee and Chocolate  
Tues April 19, 2016

**Food for Thought**

Tuesday April 19, 2016  
6:30 - 8:30 PM  
Kenndey Commons  
  
  

Over seventy members of the campus community, including faculty, staff, and
students, gathered in Kennedy Commons on Tuesday, April 19th for “Food for
Thought: The Ethics of Coffee and Chocolate”. The event, sponsored by the Food
and Agribusiness Institute, the Department of Environmental Studies and
Sciences, and the Ignatian Center, hosted four amazing speakers to discuss
their experiences in the coffee and chocolate industries and academia.
Associate Professor Chris Bacon from SCU shared perspectives on fair and free
trade and its implications for coffee, while MacArthur Chair and Associate
Professor Ryan Galt from UC Davis focused on the craft chocolate industry and
the history of cacao. Sarah de Sousa, former director of Santa Cruz Coffee
Roasting, asked us to reflect on the labor that goes into each coffee bean,
and Todd Masonis, CEO and co­founder of Dandelion Chocolate, captivated us
with his explanation about the production of his company’s chocolate. The
campus community helped themselves to Nicaraguan Dark Roast AgroEco coffee
donated by the Community Agroecology Network and some incredible chocolate
provided by Dandelion Chocolate during the event. The evening was also a time
for students that went on an immersion trip to Nicaragua to share their own
thoughts about the impacts that coffee has had on the community they visited
and raise money for an El Sontule scholarship fund.

![AbrahamTenne-DigitalFlyer-700x394-Final.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/AbrahamTenne-DigitalFlyer-700x394-Final-700x394.jpg)

#### Sustainability Speaker Series :  
Abraham Tenne Mon April 11,2016

##### The Israel Water Sector: Closing the Gap

Monday, April 11  6 PM in Lucas 126

Mr Tenne, an expert on water with more than 40 years of experience, is the
former Chairman of Israel's Water Desalination administration. He will speak
about Israel's successful approach to water efficiency and sourcing potable
water. The presentation will be followed by a brief Question and Answer
session.

Sponsored by the Contemplative Leadership and sustainability Program. The Food
and Agribusiness Institute, and the Civil Engineering Department.

In compliance with ADA/504, please direct your accommodation requests to Bill
Mains at [wmains@scu.edu](mailto:wmains@scu.edu).

[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
    * CFIE Past Events
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

