Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cfie/research/food-and-agriculture/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Food and Agriculture

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  4. [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
  5. Food and Agriculture 

![gribusiness_760_banner.jpg](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/agribusiness_760_banner-760x264.jpg)

Food and Agriculture

#### Agribusiness 2030 Scenario Analysis

![Agribusiness-2020-Scenario-Analysis](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cfie/Agribusiness-2020-Scenario-Analysis.jpg)

This research reports the results of the analysis of surveys and focus groups
of a large number of international experts on the future direction of
agribusiness industry. Several scenarios are developed and explored. The most
likely scenario, called Panta Rei, or Everything Moves, includes increasing
effects of global warming, greater concentration of food industry and trade,
increasing importance of local food production systems, greater application of
biotechnology, more individualization in food consumption, and more food
supply problems. To read the full report, visit:
<http://www.ifama.org/resources/Documents/v17i4/Lakner-Baker.pdf>

* * *

#### Best Breads Looks to Improve Profitability Case Study

The case explores the poor performance of a medium- to large-scale baker as
management attempts to determine the root cause of poor performance.
Production, supply chain, and financial issues are addressed in the case.

* * *

#### Mi Pueblo Foods Case Study

This case study focuses on a local supermarket chain that targets the Hispanic
market. The case explores the opportunities and challenges as management
considers whether it should open a store in a food desert that has a high
crime rate.

* * *

#### Organic Produce Industry and the Rise of Marketing Order Discontentment

![Organic-Produce-Industry](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Organic-
Produce-Industry-250x250.jpg)

This study provides an analysis of California's organic producers'
perspectives on current agricultural marketing orders and the impact these
marketing orders activities have on the sale of certified organic produce.
Data were collected from interviews, focus groups, and surveys of California
organic producers. The top alternatives for change were modifying existing
marketing orders to allow for promotion of organic produce and allowing
organic growers the freedom to use the funds to promote their organic
products. To read the full report, visit
<http://www.ifama.org/resources/Documents/v18i4/Cosentino-Baker.pdf>

* * *

#### Front-of-Package Nutritional Labeling’s Influence on the Perceived
Healthiness of Packaged Dinners

In making food purchases, consumers are confronted with product labels that
may be inconvenient to access and difficult to interpret. Access to such
information is critical to ensure that consumers make healthy food choices.
Front of Package (FOP) nutritional labeling allows consumers to be able to
quickly interpret the nutritional information of a product and ensure that it
aligns with their purchasing preferences. We analyze the ability of different
FOP label formats to communicate nutritional information to consumers and
measure to what degree these labels influence their food purchasing decisions.

* * *

#### Childhood Obesity Survey

We examine the problem of childhood obesity in the United States from the
perspectives of parents, teachers, pediatricians, and dietitians. Members from
each of these groups are asked to respond to a series of questions regarding
their perception of the seriousness of the problem, the causes of childhood
obesity, and potential remedies. The study is unique in that it compares
survey results collected in both 2005 and 2014. We expect to report on
preliminary findings in the coming weeks.

* * *

#### The Forge Community Garden

![Forge-Community-Garden](/media/leavey-school-of-business/cfie/Forge-
Community-Garden.jpg)

Santa Clara University's ½ acre organic garden serves the campus as a space
for course research, service learning, and sustainable food production.
Operating within the Center for Sustainability, the Forge Garden provides a
living laboratory for exploration of environmental impacts and social justice
surrounding the food system.

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship has funded the Forge
Garden and it’s Bronco Urban Gardens program since it began in 2009. BUG
provides environmental and food justice oriented community-based learning
opportunities for SCU students. It improves urban sustainability and
environmental and food justice, develops and mentors a new generation of
environmental leaders and creates new models and strategies for just and
sustainable community development with a focus on a socially just and
sustainable urban food system.

To learn more, visit: [The SCU Forge
Garden](/sustainability/programs/theforge/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at
SCU » Programs » The Forge Garden")

* * *

#### Food Waste Recovery from Supply Chains for Use in Food Donation Programs

The Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship is researching the extent
of food losses and waste in northern California, with support from the Bank of
America Foundation. The focus of the research will be on identifying the
potential to salvage fresh vegetable and fruit produce that currently does not
enter the food chain. Previous studies of food waste have highlighted food
waste at the retail and consumer level, because the initial concern was to
reduce the volumes of waste that were transported to urban land-fill sites.
However, fresh produce marketing standards in the USA are stringent, and
result in rejection of large volumes of edible food that would be good to eat,
but does not fit size, shape, surface blemish or discoloration specifications.
Large volumes of sub-standard produce are plowed in or diverted as low-value
animal feed. The on-farm losses have largely been ignored in most other
studies of food waste.

Prior studies have not attempted to collect data on farm-level losses for
individual vegetable or fruit species. CFIE student researchers will be
exploring the extent to which avoidable loss and waste occurs for the each of
the highest volume produce items, such as lettuce, berries, tomatoes, apples,
grapes, citrus, potatoes, onions, sweet corn, sweet peppers, broccoli, melons,
carrots, stone fruit, avocados, cabbage and spinach. They will contact many
growers in Santa Clara and six other nearby counties that are major fresh
produce supply sources to obtain data on which to develop their estimates.
Farm visits, phone interviews and targeted questionnaire mailings will be used
to ensure that a large sample of farmers are contacted, and that robust
conclusions are reached in this study.  

The research will focus on developing detailed numerical data on food harvest
disposal volumes and percentages for key fresh produce items. This is intended
to establish a model for further investigation in other geographies. The
purposes are to:  

  * identify priority supply shortfalls of fresh produce items at Food Banks,    
  * research the extent of on-farm waste and loss for these items, crop by crop,
  * assess what proportion of this volume is salvageable for human consumption (i.e. currently discarded for cosmetic rather than substantive defects),
  * propose cost-effective methods of procuring salvaged products for needy families.



* * *



[Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship Sections
__](/business/cfie/)[Center for Food Innovation and
Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)

  * [Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/)
  * [About Us](/business/cfie/about/)
  * [Education at CFIE](/business/cfie/education-at-cfie/)
  * [Immersive Study Trips](/business/cfie/immersive-study-trips/)
  * [Research & Initiatives](/business/cfie/research/)
    * Food and Agriculture
    * [Food Insecurity](/business/cfie/research/food-insecurity/)
    * [Food Waste](/business/cfie/research/food-waste/)
    * [Urban Agriculture](/business/cfie/research/urban-agriculture/)
  * [CFIE Events](/business/cfie/cfie-events/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cfie/contact-us/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

