Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/retail-management-institute/news-and-events/news-stories/santa-clara-students-connect-with-retail-leaders-alumni-in-nyc.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# News Stories

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/)
  4. [News and Events](/business/retail-management-institute/news-and-events/)
  5. News Stories
  6. Santa Clara Students Connect with Retail Leaders, Alumni in NYC 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/rmi/RMI-Camblin-Story3-760x400.jpg)

## Santa Clara Students Connect with Retail Leaders, Alumni in NYC

Honoring Former Student Jill Curran

##### Marlowe Camblin

Retail Management Institute student Marlowe Camblin reflects on her trip to
the National Retail Federation (NRF)'s Retail's Big Show in New York City in
January as part of the Jill Curran Scholarship.

Among the most special aspects of Santa Clara University are the long-standing
traditions and relationships forged within the tight-knit student and alumni
community. The Retail Management Institute (RMI) and Student Association, like
many SCU on-campus organizations and academic programs, offer opportunities
for passionate students to find their niches on campus. Through scholarships,
exclusive course offerings and seminars, corporate tours, and guest speakers,
students with the Retail Studies minor grow into conscious business people and
strategic leaders.

Since 2004, Retail Studies students have been able to apply for the Jill
Curran Scholarship, among other grants. The Jill Curran Scholarship culminates
in selected students having the privilege of attending the [National Retail
Federation (NRF)'s Retail's Big Show](https://nrfbigshow.nrf.com/) in New York
City in early January. It is a true honor to receive the scholarship, started
by the late Jill Curran’s family: parents John and Judy Curran, and her older
sisters, Jodie (SCU ‘00) and Jennifer. Jill passed away in the fall of 2002
while studying fashion retailing, marketing and organizational behavior during
a study abroad program at Syracuse University in London. Jill was known for
her infectious, “Jilly Bean” smile and friendliness to everyone. Her
scholarship fund in London, “London Walks,”  guides new students on visits to
under-the-radar points of interest and special destinations throughout the
city, honoring Jill’s spirit of exploration. Everyone in Jill’s class knew
her. When the Class of 2004 graduated, Jill’s family was presented with an
honorary degree for her, as an assurance that her spirit would always be kept
alive at SCU, according to Fr. Locatelli.

Indeed, Jill’s spirit is still alive and well here at SCU! Having recently
returned from NYC as a Jill Curran scholar, I feel a different kind of
appreciation for this opportunity. The sense of connection to Jill and her
impact on the SCU community and previous scholarship recipients is
significant, as is the gratitude to her family and RMI for fostering such
experiences each year. At Santa Clara, experiences such as this are common
among students, yet unique to each person. To have visited a city like New
York (one Jill adored) and learned from fellow students and expert company
leaders, while honoring another student who had the same passions as I do
today, means a great deal.

These five students also received the Jill Curran Scholarship for the 2018-19
academic year: Emily Machado ‘19, Mary O’Neill ‘19, Bridget Reynolds ‘20, Sara
Solomon ‘19, and Francesca Tiballi ‘19. Each of us has our own unique
takeaways and feelings about the weekend–meaning that the impact of the Jill
Curran scholarship only multiples. O’Neill said that she made “powerful
connections” in just three days. We all greatly enjoyed the NRF conference,
which hosts a [Student Program](https://studentbigshow.nrf.com/recap)  and
[Retailer Expo](https://nrfbigshow.nrf.com/recap) over the course of the week.

Four students–Taylor Fetter ‘19, Joycelyn George ‘21, Olivia Mannion ‘21, and
Lauren Tauriac ‘19–also received external scholarships to attend the BIG Show
and Student Program. Fetter was named a winning scholar for the 2019 [YMA
Fashion Scholarship Fund (FSF) Case Study
Competition](https://www.facebook.com/pg/YMAFashionScholarshipFund/posts/) for
her idea for a Rent the Runway Milan pop-up. She received an expenses-paid
trip and scholarship! She also attended the FSF Awards Gala in NYC with
students from across the country. George received the [NRF Rising Star
Scholarship ](https://nrffoundation.org/college-and-student-
programs/scholarships/rising-stars-scholarship) and Mannion was a semifinalist
(a Top 25 applicant) for the [NRF Next Generation
Scholarship](https://nrffoundation.org/nextgeneration). Both received
expenses-paid trips to NYC for the Program. Mannion was invited to the NRF
Gala on Sunday night, where she met Glossier founder Emily Weiss (a dream come
true!). Tauriac is the Santa Clara Retail Studies Student Association (RSSA)
president, as well as SCU’s NRF Ambassador. She explains that "NRF was eye-
opening because it made me realize how many retail professionals out there
want you to succeed because you are the future of their companies and
corporations. If you ask them to be mentors, they are more than willing to
help you in whatever ways they can." George said that her favorite part of the
Student Program was the Mentorship Panel. “In small groups, we got to speak
with leaders who gave us good advice and answered any questions we had.”

![Scholarship recipients at Retail's BIG Show.](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/rmi/RMI-Camblin-Story-760x564.jpg)

Scholarship recipients at Retail's BIG Show.

All ten students attended the first day of Retail’s BIG Show with Cynthia
Gamage, Associate Director for RMI and Dr. Gail Kirby, lecturer in the
Department of Marketing and faculty advisor in RMI. We began the day listening
to keynote speakers Jeremy King, Walmart Chief Technology Officer, and Carolyn
Tastad, Procter & Gamble Group President. A group favorite was a panel
discussion led by Rebecca Minkoff,[
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/rebecca-minkoff/)Founder and Creative
Director of [Rebecca Minkoff](https://www.linkedin.com/company/rebecca-
minkoff/), Diane Dietz, CEO of [Rodan +
Fields](https://www.linkedin.com/company/rodan-fields/about/), and [Andy
Dunn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andyrdunn/),
[Bonobos](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bonobos/) Founder and Walmart SVP
of Digital Brands. Key topics included diversity in the workplace, the power
and rights of women, and honesty. To conclude the day, we dined at the Opening
Night Reception. Throughout the weekend, many students landed job interviews
and toured the expo halls!

Company visits were a major highlight of the trip.
[PVH](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pvh/) Head Designer Michael Flynn met
with us in the office’s IZOD showroom on Monday morning. SCU alumna and
Account Executive Dylan Carlin (‘13) also joined us! We talked brand ownership
vs. licensing, supply chain management, advertising, design campaigns, and
owned brands. That afternoon, the Jill Curran scholars were given a fabulous
presentation in the [John Varvatos ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/john-
varvatos-enterprises/about/)showroom. Over coffee, CEO Mark Brashear (SCU ‘83)
and his team showed us who the brand is, JV market penetration and digital
transformation, as well as its indexes on the L2 Digital IQ scoring index. We
learned of marketing initiatives and the delightfully intricate CRM process.

![Students pictured with Dr. Kirby and Michael Flynn at PVH.](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/rmi/RMI-Camblin-Story2-760x662.jpg)

Students pictured with Dr. Kirby and Michael Flynn at PVH.

Following our Monday company visits, we had dinner with alumnae Julianna
Johnson (‘08), Divisional Merchandise Manager at Gucci and Lizzy Sullivan
(‘08), Buying Director for One King’s Lane. Some of their words of wisdom
included advice to ask pointed questions about company initiatives and culture
when interviewing. Johnson believes that one should always know a company
inside-out before going to an interview. This usually means visiting stores,
websites, and social media pages, and touching product, if possible! Our close
contact with so many alumni over the weekend is a testament to the power of
the SCU community. For me, the alumni dinner was the perfect way to keep in
mind my reason for being in NYC, and what the Jill Curran Scholarship means: a
passion for retail and life in general, and an urge to connect with and uplift
our Santa Clara community.

On Tuesday, we made the ascent to [JCDecaux North
America](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/jcdecaux-n.a./) in the Empire State
Building. Mark Costa, Chief Digital Officer, presented the ins and outs of
advertising firm JCDecaux North America, the company’s French origins, and its
global reach. We were educated on security measures and nuances in the street
furniture and digital billboard industry, as well as the extensive agreements
with cities and the service initiatives the company owns, like bike sharing
and public toilets. Mr. Costa was even kind enough to take us to the
building’s observatory deck. We lunched with Co-CEO, Jean-Luc Decaux, who
shared his stories of growing up in Paris and how he connects his roots to his
job within the family company.

Sprinkled throughout the weekend was some laid-back fun! Many students chose
to see Broadway shows (Mean Girls) or visit with family, friends, or more SCU
alumni. The unique NYC retail shopping experiences unrivaled by other cities
were not ignored. Above all, students were grateful for the opportunity to
spend time with each other and with impressive company leaders, who were more
than willing to give their time to and field the questions of young
professionals. I thank, on behalf of all of us, SCU RMI, Cynthia Gamage and
Dr. Kirby, NRF, and of course, the Curran family. Without them, our trip and
experiential learning would not be possible. We are grateful for our visits
with alumni, remembrance of Jill, new company encounters, and overall
inspiration. We have all been further empowered to become the next leaders in
the future of retail and to remain conscientious citizens of the Santa Clara
community.



###### Feb 4, 2019

RMI, RMI NEWS,

426464

[Retail Management Institute Sections __](/business/retail-management-
institute/)[Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/)
  * [About Us](/business/retail-management-institute/about/)
  * [Minor in Retail Studies](/business/retail-management-institute/retail-studies/)
  * [Internships](/business/retail-management-institute/internships/)
  * [News and Events](/business/retail-management-institute/news-and-events/)
    * [RMI Hackathon](/business/retail-management-institute/news-and-events/rmi-hackathon/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/retail-management-institute/contact/)
  * [Alumni](/business/retail-management-institute/alumni/)

[INSTITUTES](/business/centers/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Center for Food Innovation and Entrepreneurship")
  * [My Own Business Institute](/mobi/ "Home » Home » Free Online Education to Start Your Own Business")
  * [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-institute/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Retail Management Institute")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

