Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/about/the-accountant/the-accountant-2017/

Skip to main content
| Trouble viewing this email? [Read it
online.](/business/accounting/about/the-accountant/the-accountant-2017/)  
---  
  
![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/the-accountant/Accountant-
Header-for-T4.jpg)

Issue 30  | [Visit us online](/business/accounting/)  
---|---  
  
A Message from the Chair

After nearly forty years at Santa Clara, Professor Jim Sepe will retire at the
end of this academic year. Jim has been instrumental to the growth of the
Accounting Department. This year our undergraduate accounting program is
ranked 19th in the nation by U.S. News and World Report, moving from 23rd last
year.Students of the SCU accounting department continue to enjoy huge success
in the job market. In the 2017 senior survey, 88% (85% of accounting majors
and 100% of A&IS majors) indicated that they had accepted a position by spring
of the senior year.   I would like to thank all of you who have contributed
time and financial support to our program. It is my pleasure to share this
year’s newsletter with you. [Read the full Chair's Message
>](/business/accounting/news-stories/chairs-message.html "Home » Home » Leavey
School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-
eNews-17/1/12-ChairsMessage")

Yongtae Kim

Department Chair, Robert and Barbara McCullough Professor of Accounting

* * *

Stepping into Retirement: Professor Jim Sepe

Professor Jim Sepe will be retiring at the end of the 2017-2018 academic year.
Even for accountants who specialize in collecting and summarizing information,
it is difficult to list all the contributions Jim has made to our accounting
department and more broadly to accounting education. [Read more about Jim's
retirement >](/business/accounting/news-stories/stepping-into-retirement-
professor-jim-sepe.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting
» News Stories » ST-eNews-2017/29/8- JimSepeRetire")

![Jim Sepe in New Zealand Retirement Photo](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/accounting/actg-news/New-Zealand-002_edited-2.jpg)

* * *

Introducing New Faculty Members

| ![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/NewFac.jpg) |

#####

The Accounting Department welcomes two new tenure-track faculty members,
Amanda Badger and Hyungshin Park, to the accounting family. Both of them will
begin teaching undergraduate accounting courses in 2017-18. Amanda Badger is
earning her doctorate from the University of Rochester.  Hyungshin earned both
his Ph.D. and Master's in Accounting from the University of North Carolina at
Chapel Hill.

[ Learn more about our new faculty members >](/business/accounting/news-
stories/introducing-new-faculty-members.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-eNews-2017/8/23-NewFaculty")

  
  
---|---  
  
* * *

Alumnus of the Year: Greg Vlahos

![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-
news/Greg.jpg) |

#####

The Alumnus of the Year Award is given to an alumnus (or alumna) in
recognition of a career of contributions to his or her organization,
profession, community, and Santa Clara University. This year’s awardee is Greg
Vlahos, class of 1988 and a partner of PwC, LLP.

Read more about Greg's recognition >

  
  
---|---  
  
* * *

Accounting Association News

The Santa Clara University Accounting Association (SCUAA) is a student-run
organization striving to prepare accounting majors for professional success.
[Catch up on Accounting Association News >](/business/accounting/beyond-the-
classroom/accounting-association/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Accounting » Beyond the Classroom » Accounting Association")

Meet this year's senior officers : Connie Chang, Andrew Heckel, Laura
Kubisiak, Kate Laughton and Michelle Wu.

![Accounting Association Sr. Officers 2017](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/accounting/actg-news/SCUAA-600pix.jpg)



* * *

Additional Newsletter Articles

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/tina-headshot-
edited-1-150x150.jpg)

### Alumna Receives Honors

Congratulations to Alumna Kristine “Tina” Caratan (SCU Accounting ’74) for
being honored by Beta Alpha Psi with an Outstanding Faculty Advisor Award for
her contributions as a faculty advisor of the Beta Chi chapter at San
Francisco State University. [Read more about Tina's honor
>](/business/accounting/news-stories/alumna-kristine-tina-caratan-receives-
honors.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News
Stories » ST-eNews-17/11/14-AlumniNews")

|

![Students at CAAP Graduation Party](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/accounting/actg-news/CAAP-Thumb-1-200x170.jpg)

### CAAP News: CAAP 2016-2017 Program

Eighty students graduated from the CAAP program in 2017. Many of this year’s
graduates were hired before they completed the program. [Discover more about
the 2016-2017 CAAP Program >](/business/accounting/news-stories/caap-news.html
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-
eNews-17/11/21- CAAP News")  
  
---|---  
  
### Advisory Board News

The Accounting Advisory Board has added 3 new members. Please help welcome
James Lynch, Kim McCormick and Jeff Nishita. [Learn more about our new members
>](/business/accounting/news-stories/advisory-board-news.html "Home » Home »
Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-
eNews-17/8/21-AdvisoryNews")

|

### Click on the links below to read more.

  * [2017-2018 Advisory Board ](/business/accounting/about/advisory-board/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » About Us » Advisory Board")
  * [2017 Outstanding Graduates](/business/accounting/news-stories/2017-outstanding-graduates.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-eNews-17/24/8-Outstanding Graduates")
  * [The Accounting Class of 2017](/business/accounting/news-stories/congratulations-accounting-class-of-2017.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-eNews- 17/10/19-ACTG Class of 2017")
  * [Student Seminar Series](/business/accounting/news-stories/student-accounting-seminar-series-2016-2017.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-eNews-17/8/21-StudentSem")
  * [Faculty Research Seminars](/business/accounting/news-stories/faculty-research-workshops-2016-2017.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » ST-eNews-17/8/21-FacResearch")

  
---|---  
  
* * *

2017 Donor Recognition

##### [](/business/accounting/news-stories/2017-donor-recognition.html)

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/accounting/actg-news/Kyle-Perez-
Photo-150x150.jpg)

"I cannot describe how incredibly appreciative I am to be the recipient of an
Accounting Department scholarship! I am thankful for the array of
opportunities and resources that are available within the accounting
department and look forward to a great Junior and Senior year!"

-Kyle Perez '19, Accounting

**The Accounting Department would like to thank all of our generous donors who
help make things possible.  **[View a full list of our generous donors
>](/business/accounting/news-stories/2017-donor-recognition.html "Home » Home
» Leavey School of Business » Accounting » News Stories » St-
eNews-21/11/2017-FY 2017 Donors")  
  
---  
  
Help support the accounting department. Your generosity makes all the
difference. All gifts, regardless of size, are greatly appreciated.

[Donate
Online](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94)  
  
[Home](http://www.scu.edu/business/accounting) | [Privacy
Policy](https://www.scu.edu/contact/privacy-policy/)  
---  
  
**Accounting Department**  
Lucas Hall  
500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA  
95053

Tel: 408-554-4578  
accounting@scu.edu  
  
---  
![Tracking beacon](https://ga-
beacon.appspot.com/UA-246576-23/business/accounting/about/the-accountant/the-
accountant-2017/?pixel)

