Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/news/2018-19/new-4-1-masters-program-offered-to-scu-undergraduates-starting-fall-2019.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# 2018-19

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  5. 2018-19
  6. New 4 +1 Masters Program offered to SCU undergraduates starting Fall 2019 

## New 4 +1 Masters Program offered to SCU undergraduates starting Fall 2019

New 4 +1 Masters Program offered to SCU undergraduates starting Fall 2019

**_Interview with_** ** _Ramie Fernandez,_** ** _Senior Director, MS Programs,
Business School Graduate Programs, about the 4+1 Programs (MSBA, MSFA, and
MSIS) being launched in Fall Quarter, 2019_**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/4--
1-program-photo-1-360x360.jpg)

**Who Should Apply to the 4 + 1 Program?**

SCU students should apply after their junior year winter quarter grades post.
The Graduate Programs Office is looking to see how the students performed
their winter quarter, and this should align with the May 1st application
deadline.

This year, Juniors with GPA 3.3 + can apply to the program, to start in the
fall of their senior year.  Depending on the program they choose and their
undergraduate major, the Graduate Programs Office will customize the students’
graduate core classes they will have to take.

Freshmen and Sophomores should meet with the Graduate Admissions officer to
make sure they understand the 4 + 1 program requirements. It is in their best
interest to take as many quantitative and technology courses that their major,
school or schedule allows them to take.  The strongest applicants will have
quantitative and technology classes on their transcripts. When we talk to the
freshmen and sophomores we want them to understand that by taking these
courses and getting better grades in these courses they are strengthening
their applications.

**When should students plan on taking GRE/GMAT?**

GRE/GMAT is not required if going through the early admission to this program
and meet the requirements.  

**How does the 4 +1 Program Works?**

In the senior year students will start taking 4-6 units per quarter, one 4
unit class and in some quarters, an option to also take a 2-unit class. They
would take their regular undergraduate load and would take the graduate
courses in the evening, between 4pm to 7pm, most likely 5:45 PM time slot.
There will not be any Saturday classes.  

Their senior year the students will take graduate core classes each quarter.
By taking 3 1/2  to 4 classes their senior year, the students will shave time
to shorten the program, and only have one full year of graduate school the
following year. The students will have to pass the graduate courses with B or
better to stay in the program.

MSBA, MSFA and MSIS are the three programs offered through 4 +1 program.  The
types of core classes that the students will be taking is based on their
background.  We will place them in classes where we feel they will do the best
in, in hopes of not overwhelming them during their senior year.  MSBA is
expected to be the most competitive program, but we are not setting a limit on
the number of acceptances.

In their full year of graduate school the students will continue taking
general core courses.   There are 8 to 10 core classes depending on the
program. The students will get through core classes sooner, but they would
still be taking core classes the fall quarter in their second year of graduate
school.  

**What are the differences between the three 4+1 programs?**

There are very different core courses for each program.  For MSBA general core
will include general business, math and programming.  The MSFA core will
include several levels of finance courses and electives, and for MSIS the
general core would consist of courses like object-oriented programming and
networking.  

**Why should students consider getting Master’s this early as opposed to after
relevant experience?   **

It depends on what a student plans to do after graduation.  If a student has
not had access to business school courses, then the 4 +1 program will provide
the student the opportunity to take these classes before they go into the real
world, especially if they realize that business is their calling.
Additionally, 4+1 is a very compelling offer, as the students are taking
classes earlier and finishing sooner than otherwise.

**What do Master’s students do after getting their degree?**

The graduate programs offer them an opportunity to go into any aspect of the
business.   Business Analytics and Human Resources are very popular fields.
Information Systems people are in high demand in consulting firms, accounting
firms and in regular technology companies.  

**How will tuition work with undergraduate and graduate fees during the senior
year?**  TBD

**What scholarships are offered for undergraduate students applying into 4 + 1
program?**

The undergraduate students are not eligible for scholarships their senior
year. Graduate Programs can not give scholarships to undergraduate students,
so undergraduate seniors would not be qualified for scholarships.  The
following year, when they are full time graduate students, they can be
considered for scholarship if they did extremely well academically in the
graduate courses taken thus far.

**What is the next step if interested in the 4+1 program?**

  * Attend the first information session on Wednesday, February 20th from 11:30am to 1pm in Lucas Hall 106 or stop by the Benson Center during our tabling event. ** ** ****

  * Make an appointment for a preliminary interview with the Graduate Programs Office.  The interview is important to understand the student’s strength and weakness before applying for 4 +1.   Email [msadmissions@scu.edu](mailto:msadmissions@scu.edu) to request an appointment.

**How will the application process work?**

  * Application deadline is May 1, 2019
  * Interview with a faculty director or a graduate school admission officer
  * Acceptance decision will be made within 3 weeks after the interview

###### Jan 30, 2019

427661

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

