Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/scholarships/recipients/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofAccounting

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Scholarship Recipients

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  4. [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
  5. [Scholarships](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/scholarships/)
  6. Scholarship Recipients 

##### Accounting Department Scholarships

__

Each spring, the department recognizes the academic achievement of our junior
and senior accounting majors with scholarships and awards. The scholarships
are funded by generous contributions and grants from accounting organizations,
alumni, faculty, public accounting firms, and Silicon Valley companies.

#### 2018 awardees:

  * **Accounting Department Junior Scholarship Awards*:**  Kyla Inouye, Patricia Mallari, Tiffany Lam, Mary Clarence Ruiz Ng-Alberto
  * **Accounting Department Senior Scholarship Awards*:**  Jordan Ford, Kyle Metzger, Madeline Sheridan, Matthew Stark
  * **Armanino Scholarship:  **William Hao
  * **Burr Pilger & Mayer Scholarship:** Saachi Sikaria
  * **CalCPA Scholarship:  **Callister Carson
  * **Charles F. Louie Endowed Scholarship:**  Mike Gomez, Kalyn Ichinotsubo, Kyle Perez
  * **Deloitte Leadership Scholarship:**  Brady Smith
  * **EY First-Year Scholarship:**  Jordan Johnson-Wojnicki
  * **EY Diversity Scholarship:  **Ailene Nguyen
  * **Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP Scholarship:**  Allyson Villanueva
  * **James F. Sepe Endowed Accounting Scholarship:**  Mindy Luong, Joseph Plata
  * **KPMG Community Service Scholarship:**  Robinson Lu
  * **Lautze & Lautze Endowed Scholarship:** Matthew Sipowicz, Ryan Willett
  * **Moss Adams LLP Scholarship:**  Caitlin Colbert, Stephanie Lu
  * **Outstanding Accounting & Information Systems Student Award:** Callister Carson
  * **Paul Locatelli, S.J. Memorial Endowed Accounting Scholarship:**  Gary Schlatter, Katie Wickstrom, Sarah Tatley
  * **PwC Leadership Scholarship:  **Carley Roberston
  * **Thomas Maier Memorial Award for Outstanding Academic Achievement:  **Mike Gomez

_*Sponsored by the Big Four – PwC, Deloitte, EY, KPMG_

##### Professor O. Robert Anderson Award

__

This is the department’s most important award for accounting students. It was
established in memory of accounting professor O. Robert Anderson in 1973 and
is awarded to the accounting major judged outstanding in scholarship by the
faculty of the department.

Recent recipients of this award:

  * **2018:  **Natalie Ramirez
  * **2017:  **Arun Coumar
  * **2016:  **Nicholas Casaccia & Tiffany Iskandar
  * **2015:** Tuyet-Anh Ta

##### Jerry Kasner Memorial Award

__

Each year, the [Silicon Valley Chapter of the California Society of Certified
Public Accountants](http://blogs.calcpa.org/svsj/) awards an outstanding
accounting student at Santa Clara University.

Recent recipients of this award:

  * **2018:  **Callister Carson
  * **2017:** Thomas Deal
  * **2016:** Ernest Yip
  * **2015:**  Nicole Orban

The award is named for Professor Jerry Kasner, CPA and professor emeritus of
law at Santa Clara University School of Law. Professor Kasner taught
continuing education classes for the California CPA Education Foundation for
many years. He received a bachelor's degree in science in 1955 and his juris
doctor in 1957 from Drake University. He began practicing law in lowa in 1957,
and in California in 1959. Known for his outstanding contributions to estate
planning professionals, Kasner served as a mentor to many estate planners in
Santa Clara County. He received the California CPA Education Foundation's
Award for Meritorious Service in 1985 and the Lifetime Achievement Award in
2004. As a Santa Clara professor, he was completely dedicated to his students
and law professor colleagues. In 1996 he received Santa Clara University’s
Award for Sustained Excellence in Scholarship. He also received a
distinguished alumnus award from Drake University Law School. Professor Kasner
passed away in October 2004.



[Accounting Sections
__](/business/accounting/)[Accounting](/business/accounting/)

  * [Accounting](/business/accounting/)
  * [About Us](/business/accounting/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/accounting/academics/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/business/accounting/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/accounting/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/)
    * [Accounting Association](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/accounting-association/)
    * [Recruiting Events](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/recruiting-events/)
    * [Career Planning](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/career-planning/)
    * [Scholarships](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/scholarships/)
      * Scholarship Recipients
    * [Internships & Externships](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/internships/)
    * [Recruiting Rules](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/recruiting/)
  * [Careers](/business/accounting/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/accounting/news/)
  * [Calendar](/business/accounting/calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Accounting&subdesignationactual=b7d3fd01-15f6-47f0-b94a-47cb0bf39a27)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

