Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/new-real-estate-minor/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# New Real Estate Minor

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. New Real Estate Minor 



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-
newsletter/LucasHall-360x239.jpg)

The Finance Department is officially launching a new Real Estate Minor Spring
Quarter, 2018.  The minor in real estate will support undergraduate students
from across the university as they explore and develop fundamental skills that
can help them create and lead real estate companies.

Stephanie Hsu, a graduating finance major, has been taking offered real estate
courses and decided to postpone her graduation in order to complete the Real
Estate Minor.   She says:  “Santa Clara is one of the few universities to
offer a full real estate program, so the opportunity to pursue my passion and
explore the intersection between finance, economics, and real estate was a no
brainer.”  When asked what she likes best about the minor, she did not
hesitate:  "Without a doubt, my favorite aspect of this minor has been
learning from industry leaders. Matt DiNapoli [Chief Executive Officer of
DeNapoli Capital Partners] is an absolute genius in his field, and combines
the blend of personal insight, case study, fascinating guest speakers, and
old-school humor to keep his courses absorbing and practical to the real
world.”  Stephanie further describes the empowerment she has felt through the
program stating, “Although the commercial real estate business is still
heavily male-dominated, both the men and women I have met through my minor
have empowered me to pursue this opportunity for even further innovation and
growth within the industry.”

As Stephanie mentioned, Leavey School of Business has utilized their alumni
contacts and have recruited local real estate industry experts to teach the
courses.   Matt DiNapoli, and Jim Whelan, Owner and Founder, Woodward
Holdings, LLC, are two of these professors.  When asked what excites him about
the Real Estate Minor, Jim Whelan, says: “The new Real Estate Minor is a great
complement to the extremely strong business school offerings at Leavey. It
will allow students, starting as early as the sophomore level, to learn about
the many aspects and opportunities—career-wise and personally—that exist in
real estate. For example, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and
other well-known companies, employ a number of people in their facilities
divisions. These companies are concerned about where to locate offices, and
where their employees can find housing.”

Here is how Matt DiNapoli summarized the focus of the minor: “The courses for
the real estate minor have been designed such that students begin by learning
the basic principles and terminology used in the real estate industry through
the Real Estate Principles class.  They then gain exposure to basic finance
principles commonly used to evaluate and underwrite real estate transactions
in Real Estate Finance.  As they progress through the minor, students gain
exposure to real estate case studies in classes like Real Estate Transactions
and Real Estate Development.”



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Real-
Estate-Association-Event-2017-360x239.jpg)

When asked what advice they would give the students interested in the Real
Estate Minor, both Matt and Jim agree: “Don’t be afraid to get involved.”
DiNapoli also recommends that students check out the SCU Real Estate
Association and attend some of the organizations’ events such as “Location of
Innovation,” a real estate symposium; as well as tap into the network of Santa
Clara University real estate professionals. He concludes: “The real estate
minor and the Real Estate Association provide two excellent avenues for
students to learn and experience how the real estate industry works and the
many different types of skills and talents needed by real estate companies.”

For more information on the minor [visit our
website](https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/academics/requirements/) or
email the finance department at [finance@scu.edu](mailto:finance@scu.edu).  To
declare a Real Estate Minor, students will have to fill out a Program Petition
Form (available in Undergraduate Business Office, Lucas 115)  and have the
form signed by the Finance Department.





[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

