Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/cepi/current-ceps/continuing-education/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Continuing Education

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  4. [Current CEPs ](/business/cepi/current-ceps/)
  5. Continuing Education 

![illustration of person juggling while riding a unicycle on a tight rope
extending from a house to a building](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/cepi/SM-Tight-Rope-360x240.png)

To protect and enhance the reputation of the Certified Equity Professional
designation, CEPs are required to report 30 hours of industry-related
Continuing Education (CE) every two years in order to continue using the
designation.

CEPs can submit a Continuing Education Application online through
[MyCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/).





##### Why Continuing Education?

__

Continuing Education is a common practice for many professional
certifications. The continued growth in numbers of Certified Equity
Professional designees is a testament to the increasing professionalism and
the respect the designation has earned within the industry. The CE requirement
is a logical step for ensuring that the CEP designation remains the preeminent
symbol of knowledge and integrity for the equity professional field. The field
has become increasingly complex and the pace of change is very rapid. The CE
requirement helps to ensure that CEPs' skills and knowledge continue to be
current and that CEPs are viewed as committed to ongoing professional
development.

##### Continuing Education at a Glance

__

CEPs are required to report 30 hours of qualifying Continuing Education
activities every two years. They will be notified of their Continuing
Education due dates shortly after passing the Level 3 exam. CE applications
are due on December 31 but they can be submitted any time.

CEPs can track their CE activities online through
[MyCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute » Current CEPs  » MYCEP").
At the end of every two year reporting period, CEPs are required to submit a
Continuing Education application.  

CEPs are given some latitude in selecting qualifying CE activities in order to
fulfill the requirements. **However, all  CE activities must be directly
related to equity compensation** and must address one or more of the core
disciplines of equity compensation (Accounting, Corporate and Securities Law,
Equity Plan Design, Analysis and Administration, and Taxation).  If you are
unsure if an activity would be acceptable for Continuing Education credit,
please contact the CEPI before submitting the activity.

If a CEP does not submit the CE hours by the due date, their name will no
longer be listed on the [Active Designees](/business/cepi/current-
ceps/activelist/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity
Professional Institute » Current CEPs  » Active Designees") page on the CEPI
website, and they will no longer be considered an "active" CEP.  In addition,
they should no longer use the CEP designation.

##### What Activities Count?

__

##### Educational courses

CEPs can choose from a range of topics and educational activities that are the
most relevant to their continuing professional development. Examples include
equity compensation related courses, seminars, workshops, conferences, local
and regional chapter meetings/events, sessions attended at national
conferences, and a portion of related university courses. The topics and
content of these courses and meetings **must be directly related to equity
compensation** and must address one or more of the core disciplines
(Accounting, Corporate and Securities Law, Equity Plan Design, Analysis and
Administration, and Taxation).  
  

##### Certified Equity Professional Institute volunteer activities

CEPs can receive credit by participating in any of the following volunteer
committee activities designed for Certiified Equity Professional Institute
program maintenance:  
 \- Item Writing (exam question writing)  
 \- Item Review  
 \- Standard Setting  
The CEPI is always looking for volunteers. If you are interested in
participating in any of the activities listed above, please submit a volunteer
application through [MyCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/ "Home » Home
» Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute »
Current CEPs  » MYCEP").

##### Workshop presentations

CE credits can be earned by developing and delivering a seminar or workshop on
equity compensation-related topics. Credit will be given for the first time
the workshop is delivered. Two credits will be given for each seminar or
workshop hour developed and delivered. Similar credits will be granted when a
seminar or workshop previously developed and delivered is updated to
incorporate new policy information and significant industry developments. CEPs
may be asked to submit documentation such as a copy of the slides, a short
description of these courses, the length of the presentations, the dates that
they were presented, the venue and the targeted audience for these activities.

##### Items listed on the [Continuing Education
Calendar](/business/cepi/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Certified Equity Professional Institute » Continuing Education Calendar").

##### Examples of Activities That Qualify

__

  * CEP Institute sponsored events (Symposium, GPS Training, etc.)
  * CEP Institute volunteer activities
  * Local Chapter meetings of the following national organizations (Non-Social meetings) 
    * GEO
    * NASPP
  * Topics from Industry Association Events, such as: 
    * Defusing the AMT Bomb for ISOs
    * Stock Option Plan Considerations in Mergers and Acquisitions
    * Approaches for Dealing with Underwater Stock Options
    * Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements for Executives
    * Section 16 Developments
  * Online webinars or webcasts for equity compensation related topics
  * Industry Conferences
  * PORTIONS of University courses* such as: 
    * Accounting
    * Finance
    * Tax
    * Business ethics ( **maximum of 2 hours** per reporting period )
  * ***ONLY THE PERCENTAGE OF THE UNIVERSITY COURSE THAT IS DIRECTLY APPLICABLE TO EQUITY COMPENSATION WILL COUNT AS CONTINUING EDUCATION**. To determine the number of hours of CE, please see the formula in the Quantifying CE Hours Earned section.

In the event that an activity is not qualified for CE credit, you will receive
a notice via email. Decisions on credits can be appealed by submitting a
written request to the CEP Institute.

##### Activities That Do Not Qualify

__

CEPs should participate in activities that support their jobs, but some of
these are not considered Continuing Education for the requirement. Programs
and events that provide content that is more informational than educational or
is related to a product would not qualify for Continuing Education credits.
Examples include:

  * A commercial product training
  * A software session
  * Courses on topics such as general accounting, estate planning, leadership skills, time management, or general business practices
  * College or University courses in non-equity compensation topics. Examples of courses that do NOT qualify are: math, general business, marketing, and business plan development
  * An industry-sponsored job fair and/or social gatherings

Day-to-day job activities do not qualify as Continuing Education. If your job
includes training or presentations to employees on equity compensation related
topics, the actual training time or presentation time is not Continuing
Education. However, the work that you performed to create the training
material or the presentation may be counted as Continuing Education in some
cases. Please contact the CEPI if you are involved in this type of work and
want to apply your preparation work towards your continuing education. If you
are not sure if an activity can be considered as Continuing Education, contact
the CEPI at [cepi@scu.edu](mailto:cepi@scu.edu).

##### Quick Check List for Continuing Education

__

The two primary criteria for qualification are that the activity must (1) have
educational content on an equity compensation-related topic and have an
industry focus; and (2) be relevant to equity compensation professionals and
further the successful functioning as a CEP designee. You can use the
following guidelines to help evaluate an activity:

  * Is the activity educational in content?
  * Is the activity directly related to equity compensation?
  * Does the activity address one (or more) of the core disciplines of equity compensation (Accounting, Corporate and Securities Law, Equity Plan Design, Analysis and Administration, and Taxation)?
  * Is the activity targeted to equity compensation professionals?
  * Does the activity meet standards of rigor encouraged by the CEP Institute?
  * Does the activity provide information that is beneficial and usable?
  * Is the activity similar to the qualifying examples previously listed?

If you are not sure if an activity can be considered as Continuing Education,
contact the CEPI at [cepi@scu.edu](mailto:cepi@scu.edu).

##### Quantifying Hours Earned

__

1 CE unit is equal to 1 hour of educational activity. Credit hours can be
earned in ¼ hour increments (rounded up to the nearest quarter-hour).

For CE, an hour is defined as 60 minutes of educational activity. Note this is
NOT the same as CPE hours for other designations such as CFP or CPA. More
information on this can be found in the CPE Hours Versus CE Hours section
below.

CE credit is given for the amount of time spent in an educational activity,
excluding meals and breaks. For example, an equity compensation-related
conference begins at 9 a.m. on a Monday and ends at noon on Wednesday. Tuesday
afternoon is a social event, so there are no qualifying hours from that
segment. Excluding breaks, there are 5 hours of educational content in a full
day and 2.5 in a half-day. Any person can obtain a maximum of 10 CE credits
for this conference (5 hours on Monday, 2.5 on Tuesday, 2.5 on Wednesday).

For University & College courses, **a portion** of the course may count as
continuing education.   The hours will depend on the length of the course and
how much of the course is applicable to equity compensation.  **Keep in mind
that in most cases, only 10 - 50% of the content of University and College
courses is applicable to equity compensation.  ** To calculate the amount of
credit, use the following formulas:

  * Semester based courses:  Calculations are based on 15 continuing education hours for each credit hour of a one-semester course.  For example, the base for a 3 credit-hour semester course would be 15 X 3 or 45 hours. The total amount of CE is therefore: 
    * (15 hours X  number of credit hours) X % applicable. 
    * Example: A 3 credit hour semester course on Accounting has content that is 20% applicable to equity compensation.  (15 hrs X 3 credit hours) X 20% = 9 hours of continuing education.
  * Quarter based courses: Calculations are based on 12 continuing education hours  for each credit hour of a one-quarter course.  For example, the base for a 2 credit-hour quarter would be 12 X 2 or 24 hours.  The total amount of CE is therefore: 
    * (12 hours X number of credit hours) X % applicable
    * Example: A 2 credit hour quarter course on Tax has content that is 25% applicable to equity compensation.  (12 hrs X 2 credit-hours) X 25% = 6 hours of continuing education.
  * You may be asked to submit the course syllabus or course description with your CE report to determine if the amount of hours has been properly calculated.

CEP Institute volunteer hours can be documented and applied towards continuing
education credit. It is possible to earn up to one credit hour for every hour
volunteered, depending upon the nature of the volunteer activity. For more
information about volunteering for the CEPI, [click
here](/business/cepi/current-ceps/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Certified Equity Professional Institute » Current CEPs ").

##### Is Continuing Professional Education Different?

__

Many organizations offer CPE credit that may be considered for CE credit.
However, CPE credit hours are based on a 50 minute hour, and CE credit is
awarded for a 60 minute hour.  Therefore, if a CEP submits an activity for CE
that has been awarded 4 hours of CPE credit, the CEP can count 3.5 hours of CE
for that activity.  The formula for conversion is:

(hours of CPE credit X 50 minutes)/60 minutes = CE hours

In this example it would be (4 CPE credit X 50 minutes)/60 minutes = 3.33333
CE hours, rounded up to the nearest quarter hour is 3.5 hours.

**Not all activities that earn CPE credit can be applied to the CE requirement
for CEPs.   If you are uncertain about a particular activity, please contact
the CEPI before submitting the activity for credit.**

##### How to Submit Continuing Education

__

The Continuing Education reporting process makes complying easy and
straightforward. Simply record your activities in your
[MyCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/) account. Once you have
accumulated 30 hours, you can submit the application online. There is a $100
administrative fee for filing the application.

**Step-by-Step Instructions**

  * Go to MyCEP: [https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/)
  * Enter your login ID (email address) and your password. If you have forgotten your password, select the “Forgot password/Reset Password” option. A new password will be emailed to you. If you do not remember the email address associated with your account, please contact the CEPI at (408) 554-2187 or [cepi@scu.edu](mailto:cepi@scu.edu)
    * **DO NOT CREATE A NEW ACCOUNT in MyCEP.**   A new account will not contain your exam history and will not recognize you as a CEP
  * Once you have accessed your account, select the Continuing Education link from the left hand menu.
  * Select “Create Application” and enter your activities. Note: After you enter an activity and save the application, you will see “Continue Application” instead of “Create Application”.
  * Select “Save Application”
  * Once you have entered a minimum of 30 hours, submit the application by selecting the “Submit Application” button
  * Follow the prompts to complete the submission and pay by credit card.
  * You will receive an email regarding the status of your application.

All courses will be subject to audit, so please retain attendance information
and be prepared to submit verification.

##### Continuing Education Due Date

__

CEP designees are required to report 30 hours of qualifying continuing
education activities every two years. If you received your CEP designation in
2017, your first 30 hours of CE will be due on December 31, 2019, and your
next 30 hours will be due December 31, 2021. If you receive your CEP
designation in 2018, your first 30 hours will be due December 31, 2020, and
your next 30 hours will be due on December 31, 2022. If you are unsure of your
due date, contact the CEPI. It is the responsibility of the CEP designee to
submit the CE report before the due date.

The following table gives some examples of due dates for CEP designees:

**Date of CEP Designation*** | **Initial CE Units Due** | **Next Due Date** |
**Next Due Date**  
---|---|---|---  
2013 | DEC 31, 2015 | DEC 31, 2017 | DEC 31, 2019  
2014 | DEC 31, 2016 | DEC 31, 2018 | DEC 31, 2020  
2015 | DEC 31, 2017 | DEC 31, 2019 | DEC 31, 2021  
2016 | DEC 31, 2018 | DEC 31, 2020 | DEC 31, 2022  
2017 | DEC 31, 2019 | DEC 31, 2021 | DEC 31, 2023  
2018 | DEC 31, 2020 | DEC 31, 2022 | DEC 31, 2024  
  
  
The CEPI has a three month grace period for submitting CE reports. For
example, if a CEP designee has a due date of December 31, 2018, he/she can
submit the report by March 31, 2019 and still be considered on time.

##### Inactive Status

__

CEPs who fail to submit the CE requirement will be considered "inactive" and
will be placed in the [Inactive Designees](/business/cepi/current-
ceps/inactivelist/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity
Professional Institute » Current CEPs  » Inactive Designees") list on the
website. In addition, CEP designees may opt to go on inactive status at any
time.

If a CEP designee has been inactive for less than three years, to be
reinstated he/she may submit the "past due" Continuing Education requirements
and the appropriate filing fees.  If the CEP cannot submit the past due hours,
or if he or she wishes to discuss alternatives to reactivating the
designation, he or she must contact the CEPI.

_**If a CEP designee has been inactive for over 3 years, he or she must retake
and pass the Level Three exam to return to active status.  **_Please contact
the CEPI for information on how to register for the retest.

The following table illustrates when an inactive CEP can submit past due hours
to become active and when they must retake the Level Three exam.  The table is
for **2019 only:**

Year Hours Were Due | Can Past Due  
Hours be Submitted? | How Many Hours Are  
Due by 12/31/2019 to Become Active | Fees and Late Fees | New CE Due Date  
---|---|---|---|---  
2015 and earlier | No - must retake and pass Level 3 exam |   |   |  
2016 | Yes | 30 hours due 2015 AND 30 hours due 2017 | $400 | 2020  
2017 | Yes | 30 hours due 2016. An additional 30 hours will be due 12/31/2018.
| $200 | 2019  
2018 | Yes | 30 hours due 2018 | $200 | 2020  
  


##### Administrative Costs for Continuing Education

__

The following fees are associated with CE:

  * $100 administrative fee for filing the CE application.  This fee is waived for all CEPs who complete a minimum of 15 hours of volunteer work for the CEPI in a single (two year) reporting period
  * $100 late fee is assessed for CE applications that are received after the grace period for the reporting period has expired

For any questions on CE requirements, please contact the CEP Institute at
[cepi@scu.edu](mailto:cepi@scu.edu).

[Certified Equity Professional Institute Sections
__](/business/cepi/)[Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)

  * [Certified Equity Professional Institute](/business/cepi/)
  * [About Us](/business/cepi/about/)
  * [Become a CEP](/business/cepi/become-a-cep/)
  * [Current CEPs ](/business/cepi/current-ceps/)
    * Continuing Education
    * [Active Designees](/business/cepi/current-ceps/activelist/)
    * [Inactive Designees](/business/cepi/current-ceps/inactivelist/)
    * [MYCEP](https://mycep.scu.edu/cep/candidate/)
  * [Employers / Recruiters](/business/cepi/employers/)
  * [GPS Research Publications](/business/cepi/gpsproject/)
  * [CEP Annual Silicon Valley Symposium](/business/cepi/symposium/)
  * [Continuing Education Calendar](/business/cepi/calendar/)
  * [News and Events](/business/cepi/news/)
  * [Contact Us](/business/cepi/contactus/)

[EXECUTIVE EDUCATION](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scuexeced)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/scuexeced/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")
  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")

  * [About Us](/business/edc/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » About Us")
  * [Custom Corporate Solutions](/business/edc/organizations/corporateprograms/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Custom Corporate Learning Solutions")
  * [Certificate of Advanced Accounting](/business/caap/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certificate of Advanced Accounting Proficiency")
  * [Certified Equity Professional](/business/cepi/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Certified Equity Professional Institute")
  * [Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education » Contact Us")

  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

