Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/about/newsletter/june-2018/

Skip to main content
| Trouble viewing this email? [Read it
online.](/business/economics/about/newsletter/june-2018/)  
---  
  
![for HTML Email - not for web](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/econ-newsletter-header.fw-600x120.png)

June 2018  |
[scu.edu/business/economics](/business/economics/about/newsletter/june-2018/)  
---|---  
  
![Associate Professor of Economics Linda Kamas Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kamas-200x200-2.jpg)

#### A Message from Linda Kamas, Economics Department Chair

We come to the end of another academic year and reluctantly say goodbye to the
class of 2018 as our graduates are off to exciting lives beyond the
university.  We send our best wishes that they will lead joyful and meaningful
lives and urge them to remain connected to their SCU friends, the faculty, and
staff at SCU.  We continue to be an outstanding department and student
enrollments have soared.  This year we have 389 majors, 103 minors, and 130
graduating seniors.  Our faculty contribute so much to the academic
environment of the department through their dedication to teaching,
scholarship, and service to the university and profession.  Our new
concentration in data analysis is progressing very well; we now have 42
students who are working on this concentration and students report the skills
they are learning are helping them find jobs and to perform well in them.  Our
thanks go out to our dedicated team who worked hard to develop this
outstanding program, Professors Sundstrom, Kevane, and Popper.  This is my
last year as department chair and therefore, my last newsletter.  It has been
an exciting and challenging time to lead the department and I want to express
my immense gratitude to the faculty for their work and support and to Marianne
Farag, the department assistant, without whom I would have not been able to
accomplish half of what we did.

* * *

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/newsletter/Christian-and-
Sergi-360x306.jpg)

#### Faculty Tenured:

We are very happy to announce that Professors Christian Helmers and Serguei
Maliar have been granted tenure.  They are superb additions to our faculty and
we look forward to working with them for many years.  See the faculty section
below for descriptions of their recent scholarship and other activities.



* * *

#### Academic Events:

The department has hosted numerous events for students this year.  One of the
most successful was a talk given by Dr. Carolyn Evans (former professor in our
department now working at Intel) on “Careers in Tech."  Under the leadership
of Professors Kevane and Mitchener, the Civil Society Institute invited
several speakers to campus, including:  Professor Robin Einhorn (UC,
Berkeley), “Progressivity, Sectionalism, and the Origin of the Federal Income
Tax,” Professor Paola Giuliano (UCLA), “Gender Biases: Where Do They Come
From?” and Professor Alan Barreca, (UCLA & SCU class of 2000), “From
Conduction to Induction: How Temperature Affects Delivery Date and Gestational
Lengths in the United State.”  Also under the auspices of the Civil Society
Institute, Professor Michael Kevane met regularly with students for
discussions about current economic topics.

#### Graduate Programs:

The department continues to work closely with other Business School
Departments to support our excellent graduate programs, the MBA, the MS in
Business Analytics and the new online MBA.  For information on these programs,
click for [MBA](https://www.scu.edu/business/mba-degrees/),
[MSBA](https://www.scu.edu/business/ms-business-analytics/), [online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/).

* * *

#### Alumni Connections:

In the fall, Professor Belotti and Professor Mitchener hosted a reception for
alumni and faculty at Adobe Lodge giving us the opportunity to catch up with
old friends.  One outcome was the formation of the SCU Economics Alumni Board,
to improve alumni-student-faculty connections.  This group, led by several
recent graduates, met for a social get together in San Francisco and
participated in several events for current students earlier this year where
alumni talked about their careers and companies.  We are really interested in
getting as many alumni as we can in the Alumni Association, so if you are
interested in being on the mailing list, please fill out your contact
information
[here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemS6KsfjuZ7Kgtv28Ewxv_a73VnDosI1SwlQ6h_yVr8TjM4g/viewform?c=0&w=1)
or contact Professor Helmers, who serves as faculty coordinator for this
initiative (chelmers@scu.edu).

We also are collecting alumni bios and have posted those we’ve received to
date on the department website
[here](https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/life-after-scu/alumni-news/). We
would love to receive your bio if you haven’t sent it in yet (even if it’s
just name, title, and employer!), so please submit your bio
[here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScFdaaAO5_14vzyAU_z8oYiShFqAar83kEN9qAcDOoWHBX2vw/viewform?c=0&w=1).
Or you can send your bio (if possible with a photo) to Economics@scu.edu.

Another way of staying connected is to join the SCU Economics Network on
LinkedIn [here](https://www.linkedin.com/in/s-c-u-economics-42595731).

* * *

#### Alumni Award:

Carson Whisler ’17 was one of eight Santa Clara Alumni and Students to win the
Fulbright and Udall Scholarships

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/newsletter/download-200x200.jpeg)

Carson Whisler ’17, from Astoria, Oregon, was an economics major at SCU.
Currently, he is serving as a Data for Impact Fellow at SocialCops in India,
helping organizations from NGOs to the UN use data to drive development. He
will be traveling on his Fulbright Scholarship to Indonesia, where he will
conduct research on “pay as you go” solar technologies in the developing
world.

At SCU, he participated in the Alpha Sigma Nu, Phi Beta Kappa, and Pi Alpha
Theta honor societies as well as the University Honors Program. He was active
in SCU’s Conscientious Capitalism course; the Global Social Benefit
Fellowship; Global Fellows Program; Alpha Kappa Psi; Ruff Riders; and Civil
Society Institute. He also worked as an orientation leader with New Student
Programs and as an impact investing analyst at Miller Center for Social
Entrepreneurship.

* * *

#### Senior Graduation Party

We ended the year with a graduation party for seniors, held at the faculty
club in Adobe Lodge.  It was really a lot of fun – see photos below.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/newsletter/Group-
Collage-760x760.jpg)

* * *

#### The 2018 Hazel Award Recipients

The Charles and Barbara Hazel Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Economics

This award is given annually to the graduating senior Economics major or
majors judged outstanding in scholarship, leadership, and service by the
faculty of the department. The award is named for the late Charles (Chuck)
Hazel and his wife Barbara. Chuck, who passed away a few years ago, was a
great friend of the SCU Economics Department for many years.

This year, the award for students in the College of Arts and Sciences was
granted to **Kathryn Hanson-Dobbs and Xindi Sun** and the award to a Business
School student went to **Kirsten Lynn Mead**.   Congratulations to these
outstanding students!  See below for their bios.

**Kathryn Hanson-Dobbs**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/newsletter/Koko-Hanson-
Dobbs-200x200-200x200.jpg)

Kathryn Hanson-Dobbs is from Honolulu, Hawaii and graduated in March with a
double major in Accounting and Economics and a minor in International
Business. Kathryn has been a peer educator in the economics department and a
tutor in the Drahmann center. She completed the Leavey Scholars program in the
business school and is a member of the Beta Gamma Sigma business honor
society. During her time at Santa Clara, she studied abroad in Copenhagen,
Denmark where she took a course on emerging markets.

Kathryn’s favorite economics course was Econ 190 with Professor Ifcher, where
she was able to participate in economics research. She has found that having a
background in economics has been hugely beneficial in her other business
courses. Last summer, Kathryn interned in international tax at
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), where she will work full time starting in July.
Her work at PwC involves a lot of data analysis and she is proud to showcase
the skills she learned from studying economics.

**Kirsten Mead**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Kirsten-Mead-\(1\)-200x200.jpg)

Kirsten Mead is an Economics major with a mathematical economics concentration
and minors in Mathematics and Management Information Systems. A four-year
starter on both the indoor and beach volleyball teams at Santa Clara, Kirsten
has excelled athletically as well as academically, having been named to six
consecutive West Coast Conference All-Academic teams and three All-WCC First
teams. She has spent four quarters as a TA for Intermediate Microeconomics and
three quarters as a tutor through the Drahmann Center. As a freshman, she was
a peer educator for International Econ, Development and Growth. Kirsten is in
the Leavey Scholars program and is a member of Beta Gamma Sigma (business
honor society). Throughout her time at Santa Clara, Kirsten has enjoyed being
able to take a variety of economics courses and combine math with economics.
Some of her favorite topics included game theory, behavioral economics, and
econometrics. After graduating, Kirsten will be attending Duke University for
an MS in Interdisciplinary Data Science, and she looks forward to being able
to apply her passion for economics to her studies of data science.

**Xindi Sun**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/newsletter/Xindi-200x177.jpeg)

Xindi Sun graduated with a double major in Mathematics and Economics with a
concentration in mathematical and economics. She is an international student
from China. She considers her experience at Santa Clara University as life
changing. Before attending SCU, she was aware of the power of technology and
innovation. However, the interdisciplinary curriculum at SCU has introduced
her to econometrics, programming and data processing technologies. Thus, she
decided to pursue a MS degree in Business Analytics at SCU. She believes that
her studies in economics will serve as a great foundation to build on
business-oriented data analytical skills.  She has worked as teaching
assistant, grader and research assistant for the Economics Department. These
experiences not only deepened her understandings of economic concepts and
issues, but also helped her to build research and communication skills. She is
particularly interested in international affairs and the economics of
development and poverty. In the future, she would like to work with innovative
businesses to promote social justice and equality both in the US and around
the world.

**Student Awards:   **Several of our graduating seniors received university
awards, including:

**Leavey Scholar Program:** Justin Alexander Azzarito, Anya Michelle Dennis,
Kathryn Hanson-Dobbs, and Kirsten Lynn Mea **    **

**Beta Gamma Sigma Business Honor Society:   **Justin Alexander Azzarito, Anya
Michelle Dennis, Kathryn Hanson-Dobbs, Kirsten Lynn Mead.

**2018 Pathway Essay Award Winners.  ​Winning essays were considered Exemplary
by the Faculty Readers and Pathways Facilitators:  **Tess Cartin (Public
Policy) **,** Mark Lex (Design Thinking).

* * *

#### A Message from the Economics Association President

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/newsletter/Hope-183x275.jpg)

The SCU Student Economics Association is a student organization dedicated to
offering opportunities to Economics Majors and Minors in both the College of
Arts and Sciences and The Leavey School of Business. The association organizes
enjoyable and enriching events and activities that are designed to help
students build relationships with professors, alumni, and each other.

This year, the association put on a series of events geared towards students.
We held an internship panel, where current students discussed their
experiences interning for different companies, some local and some overseas.
We held a

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us:
[econassociation@scu.edu](mailto:econassociation@scu.edu)

* * *

#### Faculty News

**Shireen AlAzzawi, Lecturer**

![Adjunct Lecturer of Economics Shireen Al-Azzawi Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Al-Azzawi---IMG_1311-200x200.jpg)

Over the last year, Professor AlAzzawi continued her research and teaching on
topics of international trade and economic development. She has been using
classroom debates on controversial topics related to course content in both
her lower division and upper division classes. This has created a lot of
enthusiasm during class time and much heated discussion about headline topics.
In her research, she started working on a project to study youth vulnerability
in Egypt and Jordan. She presented her paper at the Middle East Economic
Associations’ annual meeting at the ASSA in Philadelphia last January.

Professor AlAzzawi has also completed her co-authored studies of “Return
Migration and Socioeconomic Mobility in MENA: Evidence from Labor Market Panel
Surveys” and “Firms’ Lifecycle under Conflict-Related Mobility Restrictions in
Palestine: Evidence from Establishment Censuses”. The first study examines the
impact of migration on the mobility of migrants from Egypt, Jordan and Tunisia
in terms of own earnings, inter-generational earnings and wealth, at several
different time intervals after their return. The second study explores the
economic implications of the mobility-restriction regime on firms’ life-cycles
across occupied Palestinian territories during 1997–2012. She has three papers
forthcoming; in the _Review of Income and Wealth_ , the _Quarterly Review of
Economics and Finance_ and _Topics in Middle Eastern and African Economies_.
She is also scheduled to present two papers at the Economic Research Forum’s
annual meeting in July.



**Adina Ardelean, Lecturer**

![Lecturer in Economics Adina Ardelean Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Ardelean--200x200.jpg)

Professor Adina Ardelean continues to teach undergraduate courses in
International Economics with an emphasis on discussing current issues in
international trade policy. She also continued her research on understanding
and quantifying barriers to trade that firms face when they engage in
international trade.  She presented her research at the Australian Trade
Workshop in Auckland, New Zealand.





**Alexander Field, Michel and Mary Orradre Professor of Economics**

![Michel and Mary Orradre Professor of Economics Alex Field Head
Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/field-11750020-2-200x200.jpg)

Professor Field continues to teach and do research in macroeconomics and
macroeconomic history.  His main project this past year was an examination of
the impact of the Second World War on the growth of US potential output.
Contrary to the conventional wisdom, he argues that the learning by doing
associated with the mass production of 276,000 aircraft in a four year period
as well as other ordnance, was largely irrelevant after the war because these
were unique, never to be repeated events.  Combined with the loss of manpower
(407,000 mostly prime aged males never returned; almost a million total
casualties), the immediate postwar decline in female labor force
participation, and the disruptive effects of war mobilization and
demobilization, he concludes that, on net, the economic effects of the
conflict were almost certainly retardative.  He presented his work in a number
of venues, including the New Economic School in Moscow, the ASSA meetings in
Philadelphia, and the NYU campus in Abu Dhabi.  He also wrote an essay on
historical measures of economic output for the _Handbook of Cliometrics_ , and
his chapter on “Manufacturing Productivity and U.S. Economic Growth” appeared
in the _Oxford Handbook of American Economic History_.



**Christian Helmers, Associate Professor of Economics**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Helmers-200x200.jpg)

Over the last year, Professor Helmers continued his main line of research on
intellectual property and innovation. He published several papers: a paper on
so-called “trademark squatting” in the _International Journal of Industrial
Organization_ ; another paper on shared ownership of patents in the _Journal
of Legal Studies_ , and a paper on innovative activities of firms in science
parks in the _Journal of Economic Geography_. He presented his ongoing
research at different conferences and seminars, including Berlin, Munich, and
Oxford. Professor Helmers has also been helping with the department’s efforts
to foster our relationships with our econ alumni.



**John Ifcher, Associate Professor of Economics**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Ifcher--2015-200x206.jpg)

Over the past year Professor Ifcher has been on sabbatical, planning new
research projects and finishing a host of on-going research projects. Since
his sabbatical started, three of his papers have been accepted for
publication.  One examines the impact of neighbors’ income on subjective well-
being; this paper was published in the _Journal of Health Economics_.   A
second paper examines the impact of income inequality on subjective well-
being; this paper is forthcoming in the _Journal of Economic Inequality_.   A
third paper examines the impact of economics instruction on student’s
selfishness; this paper is forthcoming in the _Journal of Behavioral and
Experimental Economics_.   Professor Ifcher has also made substantial progress
on two additional research projects.  One examines how individuals make
decisions on behalf of others and the other examines the impact of others’
income on one’s mood.



**Linda Kamas, Associate Professor and Department Chair**

![Associate Professor of Economics Linda Kamas Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kamas-200x200-2.jpg)

Professor Linda Kamas has just completed her final year (of four) as
department chair.  It has been both exciting and challenging to provide
leadership for the department as our number of students has soared.  She
continues to teach macroeconomics, which is a real joy.  Both students and
professor find the topic incredibly engaging given the painful events of the
financial crisis of 2008 and the economic policy responses.  Professor Kamas
continues to focus her scholarship on prosocial behavior, gender, and
emotions.  Her recent stream of research addresses the issue of how empathy
and compassion lead to prosocial economic decisions and explain some gender
differences in economic behaviors.  One paper, forthcoming in _Feminist
Economics_ , finds that people who exhibit greater empathy are more supportive
of government economic intervention and that empathy explains the gender gap
in such support.  Another finds that empathy explains prosocial decisions so
that empathic men are just as generous as women.  Her most recent paper (Does
Empathy Pay?) examines how empathy affects earnings.  Recently, some authors
have made the case that greater empathy has economic payoffs in terms of
career outcomes because empathic people work better with others and make
better managers.  However, those who are more empathic may choose majors and
careers that are less well paid.  The empirical results for SCU graduates in
the early years of their careers is that the latter effect dominates so
greater empathy is associated with lower earnings.  This research was
presented at the Bay Area Behavioral and Experimental Economics Workshop in
May and will be presented at the Economic Science Association World Meetings
in June.



**Michael Kevane, Associate Professor of Economics**

![Associate Professor of Economics Michael Kevane Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Kevane-1-200x200-2.jpg)

Professor Michael Kevane has been working on several new projects. One is a
collaboration with SCU psychology professor Birgit Koopman-Holm to explore the
meaning of compassion for residents of Burkina Faso. Koopman-Holm is a
specialist in the cross-cultural study of emotions. Economists are
increasingly realizing that the useful model of human behavior as largely
focused on "getting more for less" has its limits, and much important economic
behavior can be more usefully understood as emerging out of the interaction of
those goal-seeking intentional acts and the less deliberate emotion-driven
responses to situations that are framed in different ways. Adam Smith of
course knew all about this complication of homo economicus.  In March,
Professor Kevane spent two weeks in Burkina Faso conducting an experiment
involving discerning the facial characteristics that people in Burkina Faso
associate with a compassionate stance. Results will be processed and a paper
written in the summer.  In other research, Dr. Kevane is analyzing the
electoral registry of Burkina Faso, with about 5 million names, and matching
those names to ethnic groups, in order to measure the strength of ethnic
partisanship in elections in Burkina Faso. Ethnic solidarity is important in
elections in many places in the world, and it has important implications for
the functioning of democratic systems and consequently for government policy.
Professor Kevane continues to lead the Civil Society Institute on campus,
which hosts several visiting speakers and a weekly student discussion group.
The non-profit that Professor Kevane founded in 2001, Friends of African
Village Libraries, now supports 35 community libraries (in Burkina Faso, Ghana
and Uganda) and has published more than 140 photo books for readers in those
libraries.



**Serguei Maliar, Associate Professor of Economics**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Maliar_Serguei-2017-DONJ5495-web-200x200.jpg)

Professor Serguei Maliar continued to serve as economic advisor to the
Canadian Central Bank on development of the model for the economic projections
and optimal monetary policies for the Canadian economy. Also, Dr. Maliar
served as an economic adviser to an online investment company "Income Club",
based in Palo Alto, which provides professional advice to its members while
building a diversified fixed-income portfolio with bonds from a variety of
countries and sectors. Finally, Professor Maliar served as an associate editor
of the _Journal of Economic Dynamics_ and Control.

Professor Maliar worked on research projects on the new Keynesian models,
life-cycle models and heterogeneous agents’ models as well as on applications
of machine learning to economics. Over the 2017-2018 academic year, he
published two research articles in such well-regarded economic journals as
_Econometrica_ and _Quantitative Economics_. He presented his work at various
meetings and seminars including the Federal Reserve Banks of Cleveland and
Chicago, Bank of Canada, Bank of England, American Economic Association,
Society for Computational Economics, Society for Economic Dynamics. Professor
Maliar was invited to teach a mini-course on computational methods at the
Federal Reserve Board in Washington.  



**Kris Mitchener, Professor of Economics**

![Professor of Economics Kris Mitchener Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/economics/Mitchener1-200x200-2.jpg)

This past summer Professor Mitchener traveled to Europe to present his
research on hyperinflations at the Bank of England and at the World Cliometric
Society meetings. In the fall, he organized a kickoff event to bring together
SCU economics alumni and re-connect with the department faculty and current
students. An SCU economics alumni group has subsequently been formed to foster
these relationships. Please see the newsletter for details and contacts.
Professor Mitchener has also been organizing the department’s yellow pad
research seminar this year. In addition to showcasing the research of our very
talented faculty, the department has hosted speakers from Stanford, UC
Berkeley, Claremont McKenna College, the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank,
HEC Montreal, University of North Carolina, and UC Davis. During the academic
year, Professor Mitchener gave invited seminars at the Dallas Federal Reserve
Bank, the Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank, Stanford, UCLA Anderson School of
Business, and the University of British Columbia. He was also an invited
visiting Professor at the Paris School of Economics during spring recess and
continues to edit the leading field journal in economic history, _Explorations
in Economic History_ , which has seen its submissions nearly double under his
stewardship. He was appointed to serve on the university’s newly-created
Library Advisory Council. His research on how banking panics spread contagion
through their interbank connections and contributed to the decline in economic
activity during the Great Depression was published in the top economics
journal ( _Journal of Political Economy_ ).



**Lan Nguyen, Assistant Professor of Economics**

![Assistant Professor of Economics Lan Nguyen Head Shot](/media/leavey-school-
of-business/economics/Nguyen---AHP_8347-200x200.jpg)

Professor Lan Nguyen has been working on understanding the effects of tax on
the macroeconomy. The recent period when central banks around the world are
stuck at the zero bound on the nominal interest rate renews the research
interest on fiscal policy. In a paper in the American Economic Association P&P
2018, Professor Nguyen with her coauthors, Wataru Miyamoto at the Bank of
Canada and Dmitriy Sergeyev at Bocconi University (Italy), investigate the
importance of fiscal policy when the nominal interest rate is stuck at the
zero lower bound using Japanese data between 1980 and 2014. They find that a
tax cut of 1% of GDP leads to 1.6% increase in output at the zero lower bound
while it is 0.6% in the period when monetary policy is active. Nevertheless,
the difference is not statistically significant at conventional level.
Professor Nguyen has also been working on examining the changes in real
exchange rates and other open economy aspects of fiscal policy in advanced
economies such as the United States and in developing economies such as
Argentina. She has also been working on how international trade linkages
across countries affect business cycle properties in 24 countries for the last
40 years. Her papers in the last year have been accepted and published in the
_American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics_ and _Journal of International
Economics_.



**Damian Park,** **Lecturer**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Park---DSC_0020-200x200.jpg)

Professor Damian Park taught 172 students so far in 2018.  Econ 111 students
applied what they learned (forgot?) in Econ 1 to environmental issues like
food waste (not necessarily economically wasteful), the BART extension to the
OAK airport (fairly wasteful, especially with the rise of Uber/Lyft) and the
more recent residential Solar Mandate (all new homes in CA must have panels).
Professor Park also tried out new digital tools for his Econ 1 students.
Although students like the pre-class tutorial videos, videos seem to crowd out
reading the text - only 2 students had actually read more than one page of the
book by week 7.  This is actually great news - perhaps the most important Econ
1 lesson is to think about the opportunity cost of everything, especially your
own time.



**Goncalo Pina, Assistant Professor of Economics**

![Assistant Professor of Economcis Gonçalo Pina Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Goncalo_Pina_Web-200x200.jpg)

Professor Pina continued his work on International Economics and Economic
Policy. In “Macro and Micro Financial Liberalizations, Savings and Growth”,
forthcoming in the _Journal of Financial Economic Policy_ , Professor Pina
investigates the optimal portfolio for financial liberalizations. Using a
simple theoretical model with heterogeneous agents he shows that performing
macro financial reforms (for example, opening up to capital flows) without
micro financial reforms (for example, keeping constraints on domestic
financial competition), is a better liberalization strategy for countries with
low savings. A country with low savings that liberalizes both dimensions is
more likely to face a financial crisis due to the interaction between
government policy and over borrowing.  Looking at the data, he shows that
savings mediate the relationship between different liberalizations and
economic growth in a way that is consistent with the model.  Professor Pina
was also awarded a grant to estimate the benefits from financial innovation
that links bond repayments to GDP in European economies, and to investigate
potential challenges associated with these debt instruments. Following the
birth of his son, Jasper, last December, Professor Pina spent the Spring
quarter on parental leave and will return next Fall.



**Dongsoo Shin, Associate Professor of Economics**

![Associate Professor of Economics Dongsoo Shin Head Shot](/media/leavey-
school-of-business/economics/Shin---IMG_1641-1-200x200.jpg)

Dr. Shin has been working on new research projects, "Organizational Structures
and Manipulable Aggregate Information" and "Information Manipulation in Public
Good Provision."  In October, he presented his paper, "Delegation and the
Value of Shirking," at the Midwest Economic Theory Meeting in Dallas.  He also
gave a seminar talk at the UC-Irvine's Economics Department in November.





**William Sundstrom, Professor of Economics**

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/economics/Sundstrom-200x200-2.JPG)

During 2017-18, Professor Sundstrom served as President of the SCU Faculty
Senate, which took up a number of important issues, including a campaign by
lecturers to unionize, as well as ongoing faculty concerns about the
University's STEM initiative. He visited northern Nicaragua in June 2017 as
part of an NSF-funded interdisciplinary research project on food and water
security among smallholder farmers. He developed and taught an extensively
revised version of his course on Race, Ethnicity, and Gender in the U.S.
Economy, incorporating hands-on data analysis.



* * *

Donations to the Economics Department Gift Fund are used to support faculty
scholarship and pedagogy as well as student activities, such as research
assistance and academic and social events. If you would like to donate please
click the button below and select "Economics Gift Fund" on the drop-down menu.

[Give to
Economics](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0)  
  
---  
[Home](https://www.scu.edu/business/economics) | [Privacy
Policy](https://www.scu.edu/contact/privacy-policy/)  
---  
  
**Department of Economics**  
Lucas Hall 220  
Santa Clara University  
500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
[economics@scu.edu](mailto:economics@scu.edu)  
  
---  
![Tracking beacon](https://ga-
beacon.appspot.com/UA-246576-23/business/economics/about/newsletter/june-2018/?pixel)

