Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/economics/news/undergraduate-program-ranked-no-16-in-the-nation.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofEconomics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# News

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Economics](/business/economics/)
  4. News
  5. Undergraduate Program Ranked No. 16 in the Nation 

![Poets&Quants Best Undergraduate Business Schools Ranking
Logo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/Image-for-Press-
releaseV2-2.png)

Poets&Quants; Best Undergraduate Business Schools Ranking Logo

## Undergraduate Program Ranked No. 16 in the Nation

LSB's undergraduate business program has been ranked among the best in the
nation.

**SANTA CLARA, Calif.** , Dec. 5, 2017—Santa Clara University’s Leavey School
of Business has been named No. 2 in California and No. 16 nationally in the
[Best Undergraduate Business
Schools](https://poetsandquantsforundergrads.com/2017/12/05/poetsquants-best-
undergraduate-business-programs-2017/) ranking by _Poets &Quants for
Undergrads_. In one of the most comprehensive assessments of undergraduate
business programs, the study ranked 82 business programs in the United States
based on admissions standards, academic experience, and employment outcomes.

“Our undergraduate business program provides an excellent, well-rounded
business education, which prepares our students for the challenges they will
face in their careers and makes us a destination of choice for Silicon Valley
companies looking to hire,” said Caryn Beck-Dudley, dean of the Leavey School
of Business. “We are extremely proud to be ranked among the top in the
nation.”

The editors of _Poets &Quants_ said the 82 business schools in the ranking are
“all extraordinary, each in the top 10 percent to 15 percent of accredited
institutions.” Among the top 25, the findings revealed that the average total
compensation, including starting salary and bonuses, for graduates is $70,370.
Robust starting salaries allow students to get a head start in the highly
competitive job market and begin payments on student loan debt.  

“This is THE most thorough data-driven study of undergraduate business
education ever undertaken," said John A. Byrne, founder and editor-in-chief of
_Poets &Quants for Undergrads_. "At a time when parents and students are
confronting ever increasing tuition bills and levels of debt, the return-on-
investment of a degree is more important than ever. We measure those returns
and it's no wonder that more parents are encouraging their children to major
in business. The best business schools are a no-brainer investment because
they are reporting record or near-record starting salaries and job placement
for their graduates. What we've produced is an invaluable resource for
students trying to make smart decisions about where to get the best education
for a successful career.”  

Learn more at the [_Poets &Quants for Undergrads_
site](https://poetsandquantsforundergrads.com/2017/12/05/poetsquants-best-
undergraduate-business-programs-2017/).

**** ****

**About Leavey School of Business  
** Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business
environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic
excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic, innovative
spirit that typifies the region. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu/business/](http://www.scu.edu/business/).

**About Santa Clara University  
** Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located
40 miles south of San Francisco in California’s Silicon Valley, offers its
more than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and
sciences, business, and engineering; master’s degrees in business, education,
counseling psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and
engineering doctoral degrees. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest
graduation rates among all U.S. master’s universities, California’s oldest
operating higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of
ethics and social justice. For more information, see
[www.scu.edu](http://www.scu.edu).

**Media Contact  
** Deborah Lohse| SCU Media Relations | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121





###### Dec 5, 2017

LSB, ECON, home

345358

[Economics Sections __](/business/economics/)[Economics](/business/economics/)

  * [Economics](/business/economics/)
  * [About Us](/business/economics/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/economics/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/economics/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/economics/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/economics/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/economics/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/economics/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Economics&subdesignationactual=ccc3094c-d836-4281-a7f0-94f58e90f01a)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

