Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/finance/profiles/the-almost-real-deal/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofFinance

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# The (Almost) Real Deal

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Finance](/business/finance/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/finance/profiles/)
  5. The (Almost) Real Deal 

![Person spotlight photo](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-
profiles/Shefrin---Person-Spotlight-Template.jpg)

Hersh Shefrin, Mario L. Belotti Professor of Finance

## Virtual Company Teaches How to Avoid Psychological Decision Traps by Using
Open Book Techniques

Hersh Shefrin has made a career as one of the pioneers in the research of
behavioral finance — the ways in which psychological pitfalls like
overconfidence and excessive optimism can distort financial and business
decisions. To help students learn to deal with these potential traps in the
course of running a business, he’s come up with an alternative, hands-on
teaching approach which the Mario Belotti Professor of Finance says
demonstrates these dangers and how to avoid them.

Using a computer program he created, called EnviroStuff, Shefrin simulates
running a Silicon Valley business in a competitive environment. In his Finance
180 class, Open Book Management, students break into teams that compete
against each other by running virtual clean-tech startups. Students don’t
merely try for a grade; they try to fight pitfalls as they work to make
critical business decisions. The most competitive strive to be on the team
that ends up as the “gorilla,” the dominant player in the business game.

Open book management is the concept that companies open a key portion of their
financial records to managers, in order to provide them with the information
and tools to make value-creating business decisions. It has worked well at
many companies, and one of its benefits as a practical application is that it
forces managers to become knowledgeable about using basic finance and
accounting to make sound business decisions.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-profiles/Shefrin---
IMG_7350-760x450.jpg)  
_Above: Hersh Shefrin is a leading scholar in behavioral finance._

At the beginning of the class, students are broken into teams of five, with
each team running a virtual clean-tech company making the same product. Each
team has a Chief Executive Officer, who coordinates and integrates the work of
the other four students, who are Chief Financial Officer, Chief Marketing
Officer, Chief of Human Resources, and Chief Operating Officer. A key aspect
of the class experience is developing a sense that it isn’t enough for a
manager to know only his or her specialty. Everyone has to see the total
picture.

All teams begin with the same amount of seed money and other business
conditions. Students must not only execute a sound business strategy within
those constraints, they also must deal with what Shefrin calls “Monte Carlo
variables.” Those are unplanned outside occurrences (such as a dramatic change
in raw material prices) to which each virtual company must adjust.

“Each team has to put systems and processes into place to deal with problems,”
Shefrin says. “They have to figure out what matters, and whether something new
that comes up is a fluke or a trend. Most of the time it’s a rough and rocky
road.”

Shefrin says the four critical elements in being able to respond to
circumstances are having good goals and standards in place; good financial
planning and budgeting; structuring employee incentives wisely, and sharing
information.

* * *

BUSINESS GAMESMANSHIP: Hersh Shefrin’s computer program catches students’
business mistakes as they compete in running virtual businesses in his class.

* * *

The class begins with sessions on skill-building, drawing on several books,
including Shefrin’s own _Ending the Illusion of Management_. After a few
weeks, the teams prepare mock contract bids using the EnviroStuff program,
which is unforgiving if any errors are made. In the last five weeks of the
class, the teams submit a bid each week, representing a year’s worth of
business. Contracts are awarded based on the quality of the bids, and the
teams begin to see how they stack up against each other. It gets interesting.

“There’s great anticipation and a high level of emotional arousal,” Shefrin
says. “They’re in game mode. They want to win.” A paper turned in by one of
the groups describes the emotional level this way: “After going valid in the
mock bid, and then producing two invalid bids when it counted, we were ready
to punch our computer screens.”

“As it turned out, that team emerged as the “gorilla” by the end of the class,
bringing in the most business and winning the game. It was able to do so by
executing a mid-course correction based on a hard look at the numbers and at
bringing the assets it had developed into harmony with its strategies.

Noah Rickling, head of that team, spoke highly of the class and its process.
“Having the feeling of ownership in a competitive project, allowed my team and
me to invest significant time learning how the theoretical practices we’ve
studied work out in a situation that’s as close to the real world as we can
get while still being in school.”

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-profiles/Shefrin---
mindsatwork-photo-760x350.jpg)  
_Above: Hersh Shefrin (at left, standing) works with Christian Workman and his
team on the virtual company they run using open book management principles._

The winning team had no monopoly on learning. Christian Workman, a student on
one of the other teams wrote about the behavioral finance lessons he learned.
“Managers who are overconfident or excessively optimistic oftentimes make poor
decisions that don’t add value to the company. Instead of making sound
decisions off the numbers, they take ill-advised chances that destroy wealth.
In playing EnviroStuff, we experienced this first-hand as managers of our own
company.”

To strengthen the connection to real companies, Silicon Valley executives such
as clean-tech CFO David Bostwick and LinkedIn CFO (and former student) Steve
Sordello provided guest presentations during winter quarter 2013, enabling
students to compare their own experiences in the game with those of their
real-world counterparts.

Shefrin has been teaching and tweaking this class for several years and would
like to see this type of simulation teaching become more widely used in
business schools everywhere. “I’m trying to do for business students what
airlines do to train their pilots. Airlines put pilots in flight simulators to
simulate real flight conditions accurately, including the pilots’ emotional
states. We need to do the same for business decision-making.”

###### Nov 30, 2015

[Finance Sections __](/business/finance/)[Finance](/business/finance/)

  * [Finance](/business/finance/)
  * [About Us](/business/finance/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/finance/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/finance/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/finance/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/finance/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/finance/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/finance/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Finance&subdesignationactual=b2346c3d-9282-4dc9-8634-814d8dc2740b)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

