Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Student Organizations

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  4. [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
  5. Student Organizations 

Enriching your business education

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/ugbp-newsletter/Google-
field-trip-1-360x270.jpg)

Outside of the classroom, your business education continues through your
involvement with business student associations and professional business
fraternities. You will develop new interests and friendships, expand your
knowledge of business disciplines, broaden your networks of SCU students and
alumni, and participate in professional and social events. Your work with
student organizations also gives you the opportunity to expand your leadership
capabilities.

Check out photos from the Winter 2019 LSB Student Associations Events
[here](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/lsb-student-
fair-2018/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates »
Community & Campus Involvement » Student Organizations » LSB Associations
Winter Quarter 2019 Events").

Connecting through the Presidents Council

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/presidents-council-amp-
student-organizations/Presidents-Council-with-the-Dean-360x270.jpg)

The vision of the President's Council is to provide a meeting ground for
leaders of student-run business organizations to collaborate and unleash their
full potential. The meetings consist of updates from each member's
organization to provide communication on collaboration opportunities between
these student-run business-focused organizations. The second portion of
President's Council consists of professional development opportunities for
members. [Meet the 2018-19 Presidents
Council](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/presidents-
council/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community
& Campus Involvement » Student Organizations » Presidents Council ").



Leavey School of Business Student Associations

##### Accounting Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Accounting-Association-Logo.jpg)

The [Santa Clara University Accounting Association
(SCUAA)](/business/accounting/beyond-the-classroom/accounting-association/
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Accounting » Beyond the Classroom »
Accounting Association") is a student-run organization that provides
undergraduate accounting majors with professional and social activities
designed to stimulate and develop the skills and relationships essential to an
accounting career.

#####  Alpha Kappa Psi

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/AKPsi-logo.jpg)

Alpha Kappa Psi is a multinational Professional Business Fraternity with
chapters in three countries and over 200,000 active brothers worldwide. As
brothers in AKPsi, we seek to develop principled business leaders aligned with
our 5 core values; Brotherhood, Knowledge, Service, Unity, and Integrity. As
members of this brotherhood, we seek to combine these values with the Jesuit
tradition for excellence and the focus on conscience, competence, and
compassion that we experience as students here at Santa Clara University.
Click [here](http://scuakpsi.com/) for more information on Alpha Kappa Psi.

##### Delta Sigma Pi

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Delta-Sigma-Pi-logo.jpg)

Delta Sigma Pi is a professional fraternity organized to foster the study of
business in universities; to encourage scholarship, social activity and the
association of students for their mutual advancement by research and practice;
to promote closer affiliation between the commercial world and students of
commerce, and to further a higher standard of commercial ethics and culture
and the civic and commercial welfare of the community. Click
[here](http://scudsp.com/) for more information on Delta Sigma Pi.

##### Economics Association

__

The [SCU Student Economics Association](/business/economics/beyond-the-
classroom/economics-association/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Economics » Beyond the Classroom » Economics Association") is a student
organization dedicated to offering opportunities to Economics Majors/Minors in
both the School of Arts and Sciences and The Leavey School of Business. The
association works organizes enjoyable and enriching events and activities that
are designed to help students build relationships with professors, alumni, and
each other.   More information on the association, please email
[econassociation@scu.edu](mailto:econassociation@scu.edu)

##### Finance Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Finance-Association-Image.jpg)

The [Santa Clara University Finance Association](/business/finance/beyond-the-
classroom/finance-association/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Finance » Beyond the Classroom » Finance Association") is committed to
progressing the network connections and overall development of students’
financial principals, technical skills, and education within the Santa Clara
community. Through influential guest speakers, panel discussions, and bi-
weekly member meetings we attempt to provide the best resources and knowledge
available to further develop and strengthen our SCU Finance student body.

##### Latino Business Students Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/LBSA-Logo-\(1\)-200x200.png)

As LBSA, we strive to empower latinx students so they can both enter the
business world and thrive in a professional environment. We also aim to create
an environment where students can develop the skills they need while creating
a network of resources that will continue to support them after graduation.

##### Leavey Black Business Association

__

Our mission is to support African American/Black students and other
underrepresented groups with their business affiliated aspirations through
professional exposure, professional development opportunities, and community
involvement.

##### Microfinance Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/microfinance-association-logo.jpg)

The Microfinance organization not only educates the campus community about
Microfinance, but allows students to be part of something better than a club--
a business. By donating the profits our club has made through developing and
selling our own products,  we economically empower those in need. Innovation,
entrepreneurship, and hard work allow us to be a profitable and charitable
club. The Microfinance Organization is perfect for any student who wants to
both learn about and practice business and charity. For more information on
the club email [bvansant@scu.edu](mailto:bvansant@scu.edu).

#####  OMIS Student Network

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/OMIS-logo.jpg)

The [OMIS Student Network (OSN)](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/osn/ "Home
» Home » Leavey School of Business » Information Systems & Analytics » Beyond
the Classroom » OMIS Student Network") has been formed in order to provide the
tools and resources for OMIS undergraduates to grow their skills technically,
professionally and personally. As a network organization we aim to provide
opportunities for OMIS majors and other individuals interested in the
Information Technology and Information Systems fields to connect and exchange
ideas. Anybody with an interest for  how business and technology converge can
join! Click [here](https://www.scu.edu/business/omis/beyond-the-
classroom/osn/) to learn more about the club.

##### Real Estate Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Real-Estate-Assoc-Logo--200x100.jpg)

The Santa Clara University Real Estate Association was established in 2016 and
serves as the premier Real Estate organization for SCU undergraduates. With
over 200 active members, this association is the bridge between real estate
centric career opportunities and provides students with concrete learning
experiences. Given our size, all of our events are exclusive to active members
and alumni.



##### Retail Studies Student Association (RSSA)

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Retail-Studies-Student-Assoc-Logo.jpg)

The Retail Studies Program provides undergraduates in every field the
necessary skills, knowledge, and contacts to begin a career in retailing as
true industry insiders. Through the combination of up-to-date curriculum
taught by nationally recognized faculty scholars, our strong relationships
with industry executives, and an extensive support network to help students
find internships and jobs after graduation, the Retail Studies Program has
developed hundreds of graduates into the current and future leaders of the
retailing industry. Click [here](https://www.scu.edu/business/retail-
management-institute/retail-studies/retail-studies-student-association/) to
learn more about RSSA.



##### Santa Clara Consulting Club

__

Santa Clara Consulting is a not for profit, student-run consulting group. We
are comprised of exceptional undergraduate students at Santa Clara University
to serve the community with our innovative and strategic solutions. Click
[here](http://www.scuconsulting.com/) to learn more about the club.

##### The Santa Clara University Investment Banking Club

__

The Santa Clara Investment Banking Club’s goal is to assist Santa Clara
students to land jobs in Investment Banking, an industry that is both
prestigious and notoriously hard to break into. The club helps students to do
this by teaching them the necessary networking skills and hosting networking
events that will enable them to land interviews with investment banks.
Additionally, the club helps students to prepare to be successful in these
challenging interviews through weekly interview prep instructional meetings.  
  
Weekly meetings occur Thursdays in the evenings. Feel free to reach out to us
at [SCUIBClub@gmail.com](mailto:SCUIBClub@gmail.com) for more info about the
meeting schedule/how you can get involved!

##### SCU Net Impact

__



![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/Net-Impact.jpg)

Net Impact is a nonprofit organization that works to empower individuals and
businesses, particularly student groups, to address social issues. They work
with students, job seekers, professionals, and businesses to provide the
resources and connections to empower a new generation to drive social and
environmental change in order to build impactful careers. Click
[here](https://www.scu.edu/business/undergraduates/community/student-
organizations/net-impact/) to learn more about Net Impact.

Organization Email:

##### SCU Personal Finance

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/presidents-council-amp-
student-organizations/unnamed-360x185.jpg)

[SCU Personal Finance](https://sites.google.com/scu.edu/scupf/home) teaches
students the fundamentals of investing and personal money management.  







##### Sports Business Club

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/SCU-SBC-4-\(2\)-200x200.png)

Santa Clara University's [Sports Business
Club](/business/undergraduates/community/student-organizations/sports-
business-club/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates »
Community & Campus Involvement » Student Organizations » Sports Business
Club") provides students with resources and opportunities to enhance and build
a career in the sports industry. This club explores the intersection of
business fundamentals with the entertainment and awe found in athletics. Our
coordinated efforts with distinguished guest speakers, alumni, and
professionals help students gain a better understanding of the duties and
responsibilities of a career in the sports marketing, sports management,
sports finance, ticket sales, operations, and sports journalism fields.

If you would like more information about SCU's Sports Business Club and/or are
interested in being a member of this club, [fill out this quick
form](https://goo.gl/forms/7B7M9sSNDsNskPyu2).

Follow us on Instagram for updates
[@scusportsbusiness](https://www.instagram.com/scusportsbusiness/)!

##### Undergraduate Marketing Association

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/marketing-association-logo.jpg)

SCU’s Undergraduate Marketing Network's (“UMark”) mission is to help students
gain insight on marketing-related career paths through assisting undergrads'
efforts to network with alumni and professionals in the marketing world.

##### Undergraduate Women in Business

__

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/undergraduates/sla/professional-
development/WiB-Logo-Final-2-215x215.png)

Undergraduate Women in Business (UWiB) is a student run network that strives
to enhance the Leavey School of Business experience for all women in the
Undergraduate program (non-business majors welcome). We coordinate efforts in
professional development, alumni relations, corporate outreach, and
networking. Ultimately, Women in Business is a network of collegiate women
empowering one another and laying the foundation for professional success.

Fill out your information below to receive monthly emails from UWiB. Feel free
to email us directly at [wib@scu.edu](mailto:wib@scu.edu) for any additional
inquiries.



Subscribe to Emails:
[https://goo.gl/forms/XGCre452n61jrYe12](https://goo.gl/forms/XGCre452n61jrYe12)

Facebook Group:
[https://www.facebook.com/groups/139106396758723/](https://www.facebook.com/groups/139106396758723/)

[Undergraduates Sections
__](/business/undergraduates/)[Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)
  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/)
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
    * [Honors and Awards](/business/undergraduates/community/honors-and-awards/)
    * [Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative](/business/undergraduates/community/npi/)
    * [Study Abroad](/globalengagement/study-abroad/)
    * [LSB Community Fellows](/business/undergraduates/community/community-fellows/)
    * [Global Fellows Internship](/business/undergraduates/community/global-fellows/)
    * [Senior Leadership Academy](/business/undergraduates/community/senior-leadership-academy/)
    * [CLASP](/business/undergraduates/community/clasp/)
    * [ACE Program](/business/undergraduates/community/ace-program/)
    * Student Organizations
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/)
  * [News & Events](/business/undergraduates/news/)
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

[UNDERGRADUATES](/business/undergraduates/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4400

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Academics")
  * [Community & Campus Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Community & Campus Involvement")
  * [Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Advising")
  * [Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Calendar")
  * [Contact Undergraduate Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates » Contact Undergraduate Business")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

