Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/graduates/academic/concentrations/pre-2013-concentrations/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

scu.edu

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __
  * Search __

Search __

Leavey School of Business

scu.edu

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

menu

Search

  * [About LSB](/business/about/)

[Leadership](/business/about/leadership/) [Strategic
Priorities](/business/about/strategic-priorities/) [Lucas
Hall](/business/about/lucashall/)
[Accreditation](/business/about/accreditation/) [Faculty
Governance](/business/about/faculty-governance/) [Staff
Directory](/business/about/staff/) [Contact Us](/business/about/contact/)
[Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Dean%27s%20Leadership%20Fund&subdesignationactual=e13c414e-bfd1-4582-ab19-8dcf1e2f0aef)

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/)

[Academics](/business/undergraduates/academics/) [Community & Campus
Involvement](/business/undergraduates/community/)
[Advising](/business/undergraduates/advising/)
[Calendar](/business/undergraduates/calendar/) [News &
Events](/business/undergraduates/news/) [Contact Undergraduate
Business](/business/undergraduates/contact-undergraduate-business/)

  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/) [\- Evening](/business/evening-mba/) [\-
Executive](/business/executive-mba/) [\- Online
MBA](https://onlinemba.scu.edu/) [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/) [\-
MSBA](/business/ms-business-analytics/) [\- MSFA](/business/ms-finance/) [\-
MSIS](/business/ms-information-systems/) [\- MSSCM](/business/ms-supply-chain-
management/) [-Online MSMK]( https://onlinemba.scu.edu/academics/marketing-
masters) [\- 4+1 MS](/business/ms-4plus1/) [Current
Students](/business/graduates/) [Career
Management](/business/graduates/career-management/) [RSVP for Admission
Events](/business/mba-degrees/mba-ms-info/)
[Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/) [Calendar](/business/graduate-
degrees/calendar/)

  * [Academics](/business/academics/)

[Academic Departments](/business/academics/academic-departments/) [Majors and
Minors](/business/undergraduates/academics/majors-and-minors/) [Graduate
Degrees](/business/graduate-degrees/) [Faculty
Directory](/business/academics/faculty-directory/) [Faculty
Research](/business/research/)

  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/)

[About Us](/business/edc/about/) [Custom Programs for
Organizations](/business/edc/organizations/) [Programs for
Individuals](/business/edc/individuals/) [News & Events](/business/edc/news/)
[Contact Us](/business/edc/contact/)

  * [Institutes](/business/centers/)

[Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cie/) [Center for Food
Innovation and Entrepreneurship](/business/cfie/) [My Own Business
Institute](/mobi/) [Retail Management Institute](/business/retail-management-
institute/)

  * [News & Events](/business/news/)

[Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/) [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/)
[Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/) [LSB on
Social](/business/news/social/)

  * [scu.edu](https://www.scu.edu/)

# Pre-2013 Concentrations

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Current Students](/business/graduates/)
  4. [Academics](/business/graduates/academic/)
  5. [Concentrations](/business/graduates/academic/concentrations/)
  6. Pre-2013 Concentrations 

#### Pre-2013 MBA Concentrations

Although Santa Clara University’s MBA program has a general management
perspective, students may use their choice of electives to select a
concentrated emphasis. Students do not, however, have to select a
concentration or, once chosen and begun, do not have to finish the
concentration in order to graduate.

A concentration will be reflected on a student’s official transcript if the
concentration is declared when the student petitions to graduate and all
completed courses required for the concentration are documented. Although the
awarded concentration will appear on the student’s official degree transcript,
the concentration does not appear on the student’s diploma.

For students in the pre-2013 Curriculum, Santa Clara’s MBA program offers nine
concentrations, the requirements for which are detailed below. Some courses
may count toward more than one concentration. Such “double counting” permits
increased flexibility in elective choice but does not reduce the number of
courses required for graduation. Appropriate experimental courses (3696, prev.
696) and 1-unit courses may count toward a concentration if approved; consult
the Graduate Business Programs Office for the petition procedure. Coursework
completed outside of Santa Clara University will not satisfy a concentration
requirement.

As a result of the dynamic nature of concentrations and course offerings,
changes to concentration requirements are made throughout the academic year.
Consult with the Graduate Business Office for the most recent concentration
requirements.

_Note: In order to ensure breadth of coverage within a general management
degree, no more than 17 elective units may be taken in any one discipline. A
minimum of 12 units is required to earn a concentration._

Each concentration has a faculty coordinator. The coordinators are available
to assist students in making decisions about their concentrations and for
approving new and experimental courses that may count toward the
concentration. (Please contact the GBP office for updates and appropriate
petition procedures.)

##### Accounting (ACTG)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Chris Paisley

Students taking this concentration must complete a minimum of 12 units and a
maximum of 15 units of Accounting elective courses.

_Note: For students entering the program in Fall 2009 and after, ACTG 302
cannot be counted toward the Accounting concentration requirements._

##### Entrepreneurship (EN)

__

Faculty Coordinator: Al Bruno

Students taking this concentration must complete:

  * MKTG 3566 (prev. MKTG 566) Small Business Entrepreneurship (3 units) or MKTG 3569 Small Business Entrepreneurship (4 units)

In addition, students must complete a minimum of 3 units in each of the
following areas:

##### Management

__

  * ECON 3430 (prev. ECON 430) Game Theory and Strategic Behavior
  * IDIS 3612 (prev. IDIS 612) Management of the High Technology Firm Seminar
  * IDIS 3695 (prev. IDIS 695) Global Business Perspective
  * MGMT 3504 (prev. MGMT 524) Managing Innovation and Technology
  * MGMT 3548 (prev. MGMT 548) Social Benefit Entrepreneurship
  * OMIS 3390 (prev. OMIS 390) Integrated Product Development
  * MGMT 3549 Legal Fundamentals for Entrepreneurs
  * MGMT 3550 IP Strategies for Tech Start-ups
  * MGMT 3802 Entrepreneurship

##### Finance

__

  * ACTG 3319 (prev. ACTG 319) Financial Statement Analysis
  * ACTG 3321 (prev. ACTG 321) Fundamental Value Analysis
  * FNCE 3480 (prev. FNCE 480) Emerging Company Finance
  * FNCE 3484 (prev. FNCE 484) Financial Engineering
  * FNCE 3486 (prev. FNCE 486) Behavioral Corporate Finance
  * FNCE 3488 (prev. FNCE 488) Financial Instruments and Markets
  * FNCE 3460 Mergers & Acquisitions
  * FNCE 3714 Private Equity (1 unit)
  * FNCE 3715 Venture Capital (1 unit)
  * FNCE 3716 Growth Capital (1 unit)
  * FNCE 3723 Early Stage Company Valuation

##### Marketing

__

  * ECON 3422/MKTG 3588 (prev. ECON 422/MKTG 588) Topics in Profit Maximizing Pricing
  * MKTG 3568 (prev. MKTG 568) Marketing Research or MKTG 590 Channel Marketing
  * MKTG 3572 (prev. MKTG 572) Product Market Planning and Strategy
  * MKTG 3592 (prev. MKTG 592) Internet Marketing and eCommerce
  * MKTG 3594 (prev. MKTG 594) Business-to-Business Marketing
  * MKTG 3572 New Product Innovation
  * MKTG 3801 (prev. 3696) Social Media Marketing

##### Finance (FNCE)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Meir Statman

Students taking this concentration must complete a minimum of 12 units and a
maximum of 15 units of Finance elective courses. FNCE 3696 (prev. FNCE 696)
courses are acceptable.

_Note: FNCE 455, FNCE 3455, and FNCE 3452 cannot be counted toward the Finance
concentration requirements._

##### Food and Agribusiness

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Greg Baker

Students taking this concentration must complete two of the following courses:

  * IDIS 3622 (prev. IDIS 622) Global Agribusiness Challenges (prev. Global, Technical, and Economic Challenges for Agribusiness)
  * IDIS 3696 (prev. IDIS 696) Marketing Food Products
  * MGMT 3540 (prev. MGMT 540) Food Industry Management (prev. Social, Polit., and Legal Environ. of Food and Agrib. Firms)

In addition, students must complete two of the following courses:

  * ACTG 698, ECON 698, FNCE 698, MKTG 698, or OMIS 698 Independent Study (Proposal must be approved by the Director of the Food and Agribusiness Institute.)
  * ECON 3432 (prev. ECON 432) International Trade
  * FNCE 3474 (prev. FNCE 474) Risk Management with Derivative Securities
  * IDIS 3622 (prev. 622), IDIS 3696 (prev. 696), or MGMT 3540 (prev. 540) (if not used to fill the above requirement)
  * MKTG 3564 (prev. MKTG 564) International Marketing
  * MKTG 3566 (prev. MKTG 566) Small Business Entrepreneurship
  * MKTG 3568 (prev. MKTG 568) Innovative Approaches to Marketing Research
  * MKTG 3590 (prev. MKTG 590) Designing and Managing Dynamic Marketing Channels
  * OMIS 3384 (prev. OMIS 384) Supply Chain Management

##### International Business (IB)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Elizabeth Powers

Students taking this concentration must complete a minimum of four of the
following courses:

  * ACTG 3309 (prev. ACTG 309) Seminar in International Accounting
  * ECON 3432 (prev. ECON 432) International Trade
  * ECON 3466 (prev. ECON 466) International Monetary and Financial Relations
  * FNCE 3457 (prev. FNCE 457) International Financial Management
  * IDIS 3695 (prev. IDIS 695) Global Business Perspective
  * MGMT 3514 (prev. MGMT 514) International Management
  * MKTG 3564 (prev. MKTG 564) International Marketing

##### Leading People and Organizations (LP)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Barry Posner

Students taking this concentration must complete:

  * MGMT 3512 (prev. MGMT 512) Social Psychology of Leadership

In addition, students must complete 9 units from the following courses:

  * ECON 3424 (prev. ECON 424) Economics of Decision Making Under Uncertainty
  * IDIS 3612 (prev. IDIS 612) Management of the High Technology Firm Seminar
  * MGMT 3516 (prev. MGMT 516) Organizational Politics
  * MGMT 3504 (prev. MGMT 524) Managing Innovation and Technology
  * MGMT 3526 (prev. MGMT 526) Strategic Human Resources Management
  * MGMT 3532 (prev. MGMT 532) Managerial Communications
  * MGMT 3538 (prev. MGMT 538) Managing Teams and Projects
  * MGMT 3544 (prev. MGMT 544) Strategic Business Negotiations
  * MGMT 3546 (prev. MGMT 546) Spirituality of Organizational Leadership
  * MGMT 3548 (prev. MGMT 548) Social Benefit Entrepreneurship
  * MGMT 701 Seminar in Leading Dynamic Organizations (1 unit) (may be taken a maximum of three times)
  * MKTG 3566 (prev. MKTG 566) Small Business Entrepreneurship

##### Managing Technology and Innovation (MT)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Terri Griffith

Students taking this concentration must complete:

  * IDIS 3612 (prev. IDIS 612) Management of the High Technology Firm Seminar
  * MGMT 3504 (prev. MGMT 524) Managing Innovation and Technology

In addition, students must complete two of the following courses:

  * FNCE 3460 (prev. FNCE 460) Mergers, Acquisitions, and Corporate Restructuring
  * MGMT 3526 (prev. MGMT 526) Strategic Human Resources Management
  * MGMT 3538 (prev. MGMT 538) Managing Teams and Projects
  * MKTG 3566 (prev. MKTG 566) Small Business Entrepreneurship
  * MKTG 3592 (prev. MKTG 592) Internet Marketing and eCommerce
  * MKTG 3596 (prev. MKTG 596) Integrated Market Communications
  * OMIS 3368/MSIS 2606 (prev. OMIS 368/MSIS 606) Software Project Management
  * OMIS 3372/MSIS 2602 (prev. OMIS 372/MSIS 602) Information Systems Analysis and Design
  * OMIS 3378/MSIS 2604 (prev. OMIS 378/MSIS 604) Information Systems Policy and Strategy

##### Marketing Management (MM)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Michael Munson

Students taking this concentration must complete a minimum of four and a
maximum of five of the following courses:

  * MKTG 3562 (prev. MKTG 562) Services Marketing
  * MKTG 3554 Analysis of Customers & Markets
  * MKTG 3564 (prev. MKTG 564) International Marketing
  * MKTG 3568 (prev. MKTG 568) Marketing Research
  * MKTG 3572 (prev. MKTG 572) Product Market Planning and Strategy
  * MKTG 3574 (prev. MKTG 574) Sales Management
  * MKTG 3582 (prev. MKTG 582) Customer Behavior
  * MKTG 3584 (prev. MKTG 584) Advertising Management
  * MKTG 3588/ECON 3422 (prev. MKTG 588/ECON 422) Topics in Profit Maximizing Pricing
  * MKTG 3590 (prev. MKTG 590) Channel Marketing
  * MKTG 3592 (prev. MKTG 592) Internet Marketing and eCommerce
  * MKTG 3594 (prev. MKTG 594) Business-to-Business Marketing
  * MKTG 3596 (prev. MKTG 596) Integrated Market Communications
  * MKTG 3597 (prev. MKTG 3696) Marketing Analytics
  * MKTG 3709 Investment & Entrepreneurship in the Boomer Market (1 unit)
  * MKTG 3712 Achieving Brand Leadership (1 unit)
  * MKTG 3713 Business Model Fundamentals (2 units)
  * MKTG 3801 (prev. 3696) Social Media Marketing
  * MKTG 3802 (prev. 3696) Mobile Marketing and mCommerce

_Note: MKTG 3566 (prev. MKTG 566) does not qualify for this concentration._

##### Supply Chain Management (SM)

__

_Faculty Coordinator:_ Naren Agrawal

Students taking this concentration must complete:

  * OMIS 3384 (prev. OMIS 384) Supply Chain Management

In addition, students must complete three of the following courses:

  * MGMT 3544 Strategic Business Negotiations
  * MKTG 3590 (prev. MKTG 590) Designing and Managing Dynamic Marketing Channels
  * MSIS 2622 (prev. MSIS 622) ERP Systems
  * MSIS 2624 (prev. MSIS 624) E-Business Technologies or MKTG 3592 (prev. MKTG 592) Internet Marketing and eCommerce
  * OMIS 3362/MSIS 2626 (prev. OMIS 362/MSIS 626) Computer Simulation and Modeling
  * OMIS 3388 (prev. OMIS 388) Supply Chain Outsourcing
  * OMIS 698 Independent Study

Some OMIS 3696 (prev. OMIS 696) courses may apply with the approval of the
faculty coordinator.

[Current Students Sections __](/business/graduate-degrees/)[Current
Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)

  * [Current Students](/business/graduate-degrees/)
  * [Academics](/business/graduates/academic/)
    * [Courses](/business/graduates/academic/courses/)
    * [Concentrations](/business/graduates/academic/concentrations/)
    * [Course Availability](/business/graduates/academic/course-availability/)
    * [Graduate Business Bulletins](/business/graduates/academic/bulletins/)
    * [Policies](/business/graduates/academic/policies/)
    * [Forms](/business/graduates/academic/forms/)
    * [Contact Graduate Business Programs Office](/business/graduates/academic/contact-graduate-business-programs-office/)
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/)
  * [Student Life](/business/graduates/student-life/)
  * [Alumni](/business/graduates/alumni/)
  * [Calendar](/business/graduates/calendar/)
  * [Graduate Business Bulletin](https://www.scu.edu/bulletin/graduate/leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [Graduates Home](/business/graduate-degrees/)

[GRADUATES](/business/graduate-degrees/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [MBA Degrees](/business/mba-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MBA Degrees")
  * [MS Degrees](/business/ms-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » MS")
  * [Current Students](/business/graduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students")
  * [Career Management](/business/graduates/career-management/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Current Students » Career Management")
  * [Grad Calendar](/business/graduate-degrees/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates » Calendar")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

