Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/isa/profiles/why-limit-the--market/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofInformation Systems and Analytics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Why Limit the Market?

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/isa/profiles/)
  5. Why Limit the Market? 

![Person spotlight template](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-
profiles/Cai---Person-Spotlight-Template.jpg)

Gangshu (George) Cai, Professor of OMIS

## How Exclusive Deals With Revenue Sharing Make Sense

In 2007 Apple announced it was releasing a new product called the iPhone and
that AT&T would be the sole carrier for its phone and data services. The
exclusive deal between a manufacturer and service provider was unusual for the
wireless business at the time, and it caught the attention of Gangshu Cai, who
joined the business school faculty as an associate professor of operations
management and information systems in Fall 2012.

“It was a unique marketing phenomenon,” Cai says. “They were doing something
different from their competitors, and I found myself asking why it was
happening now, considering how long the cell phone and wireless industries had
been around.”

That idea resulted, several years later, in a paper, “Exclusive Channels and
Revenue Sharing in a Complementary Goods Market,” written by Cai as first
author, and colleagues Yue Dai of Fudan University, and Sean X. Zhou of
Chinese University of Hong Kong. It was published in the January-February 2012
issue of  _Marketing Science_.

* * *

The idea of an exclusive provider seemed counter-intuitive; revenue sharing
was the critical ingredient.

* * *

Cai says that at first the idea of an exclusive service provider for a new
product seemed counterintuitive, since Apple could presumably have sold more
phones by letting all wireless carriers provide phone and data service. He
quickly grasped that revenue sharing had to be the critical ingredient in the
deal, and his subsequent research bore that out.

“If a manufacturer goes exclusively with one service provider, it creates a
smaller market for the product,” Cai says, “but the tradeoff is revenue
sharing. This paper could be the first to describe this sort of exclusive
arrangement in terms of revenue sharing for complementary goods.”

![OMIS professor Gangshu Cai photo for feature story](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/stories/lsb-profiles/cai---IMG_9883-760x450.jpg)

While only Apple and AT&T know the details of their revenue-sharing agreement,
there are some observable indications as to how it could work to the benefit
of both firms.

For example, Cai notes in the paper that as the exclusive service provider for
a hot and greatly demanded product, AT&T was able to charge a base service
rate for the iPhone that was almost 50 percent higher than its existing base
rate. Whatever the split with Apple may have been, both companies likely
benefited from the additional revenues. Apple’s overall share of revenues
presumably was enough to make up for what it lost by not selling to customers
of other wireless carriers, and the revenue-sharing agreement may have helped
it lower the purchase price of the phone to attract additional buyers.

The model developed by Cai and his colleagues also suggested that an exclusive
arrangement makes more sense in a highly competitive market, where neither the
manufacturer nor the service provider holds a dominant position.

If the product becomes more dominant, the service provider benefits from it
more than the manufacturer, and the relationship between the two becomes
asymmetric. In that case, it probably makes sense for the manufacturer to opt
out of the exclusive arrangement, as Apple later did by allowing Verizon to
become a service provider after the iPhone became a huge hit.

Although the paper was inspired by the Apple/AT&T deal, the model it posits
for evaluating exclusive deals could be applied to a wide range of commercial
enterprises, and Cai is quick to point out that the current business
environment is rife with examples: Sirius Radio’s exclusive deal to broadcast
NFL games on satellite; Martha Stewart’s granting of exclusive retail rights
for her products to Kmart and Macy’s; author Stephen King’s agreeing to have
Amazon be the sole publisher and distributor of his e-books.

“This paper came out of reality, telling a good story about Apple and AT&T,”
Cai says, “But the model we developed can be applied to many industries. The
combination of exclusive deals and revenue-sharing shown in our model is what
filled in a gap in the existing literature.”

###### Nov 22, 2015

[Information Systems & Analytics Sections __](/business/isa/)[Information
Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)

  * [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  * [About Us](/business/isa/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/isa/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/isa/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/isa/careers/)
  * [News and Events](/business/isa/news-and-events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Operations%20Management%20and%20Information%20Systems&subdesignationactual=e6686182-6823-49cd-a19d-89871)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

