Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/isa/research/selected-publications/immediate-and-long-term-benefits-of-in-store-return-experience.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofInformation Systems and Analytics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Selected Publications

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  4. [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  5. Selected Publications
  6. Immediate and Long-Term Benefits of In-Store Return Experience 

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/isa/NecatiErtekin1200px-3-360x240-2.jpg)

## Immediate and Long-Term Benefits of In-Store Return Experience

Necati Ertekin

Production & Operations Management 27(1): 121-142.

_Production & Operations Management_

Abstract:

This study contributes to the understanding of customer relationship
management by assessing how an in‐store customer return experience can
influence customer exchange behavior and satisfaction during a return event,
and customer repurchase behavior following a return event. Exchanges,
satisfaction, and repurchases are potential customer relationship management
outcomes that may contribute to customer lifetime value. We empirically
examine these outcomes with respect to two store labor factors: salesperson
competence and selling pressure. Using transactional data and 7921 customer
satisfaction survey responses obtained from a jewelry retailer, we demonstrate
an in‐store return experience may contribute to customer lifetime value more
through future purchases than through immediate exchanges. We show convincing
customers to exchange their returns may decrease their future purchases if
customers are dissatisfied with their return experience. Our results suggest,
in order to increase both exchanges and future purchases, retailers should
improve the competence of employees who handle returns and abstain from using
selling pressure during a return experience. We also conduct a counterfactual
analysis to assess the impact on net sales of several return experience
improvement initiatives. Overall, our analysis provides evidence that an
in‐store return experience represents a significant opportunity for retailers
when handled carefully.

* * *

[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1057%2Fs41267-017-0139-z
"Immediate and Long-Term Benefits of In-Store Return Experience")

<https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/poms.12787>

* * *

  * [Bio Page](https://www.scu.edu/business/omis/faculty/ertekin/)
  * [Ertekin, Neacti_CV Sept 2018](/media/leavey-school-of-business/isa/CV_Necati-ERTEKIN-Sep-2018.pdf)
  * [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/necatiertekin)

###### Sep 11, 2017

Research

LSB Research, Featured, OMIS

364206

[Information Systems & Analytics Sections __](/business/isa/)[Information
Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)

  * [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  * [About Us](/business/isa/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/isa/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/isa/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/isa/careers/)
  * [News and Events](/business/isa/news-and-events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Operations%20Management%20and%20Information%20Systems&subdesignationactual=e6686182-6823-49cd-a19d-89871)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

