Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/isa/research/selected-publications/design-of-the-reverse-channel-for-remanufacturing-must-profitmaximization-harm-the-environment.html

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofInformation Systems and Analytics

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Selected Publications

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  4. [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  5. Selected Publications
  6. Design of the Reverse Channel for Remanufacturing: Must Profit‐Maximization Harm the Environment? 

## Design of the Reverse Channel for Remanufacturing: Must Profit‐Maximization
Harm the Environment?

Lan Wang , Gangshu (George) Cai, Andy A. Tsay Asoo, J. Vakharia

Production & Operations Management 26(8): 1585-1603.

Abstract:

A key attribute of a remanufacturing strategy is the division of labor in the
reverse channel, especially whether remanufacturing is performed in‐house or
outsourced. We investigate this decision for a retailer who accepts returns of
a remanufacturable product. Our formulation considers the cost structures of
the two strategies, uncertainty in the input quality of the collected/returned
used products, consumer willingness‐to‐pay for remanufactured product, the
extent to which the remanufactured product cannibalizes demand for a new
product, and the power structure in the channel. For the profit‐maximizing
retailer, the differentials in variable remanufacturing costs drive strategy
choice, and higher fixed costs of in‐house remanufacturing favors outsourcing.
The variable remanufacturing costs and the balance of power in the prospective
outsourced reverse channel are the key drivers of environmental impact, as
measured by the retailer's propensity to remanufacture. While profitability
and environmental goals often conflict, they align under certain conditions.
These include (a) the third party has less bargaining power; or (b) the fixed
cost for in‐house remanufacturing is relatively high. All else equal, when
remanufacturing is outsourced, the environment fares better if the third party
has leadership power. We generalize to the cases when remanufacturing achieves
a quality level less than “good‐as‐new" and when used items have non‐zero
salvage value. Analysis of these extensions illuminates how relative power in
the reverse channel drives the firms’ preferences, as well as the end
customers’ consumption experience.

* * *

[![Button to link people to research publications](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/academics/View-Publication-
Button.png)](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/poms.12709
"Design of the Reverse Channel for Remanufacturing")

<https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/poms.12709>

* * *

  * [Gangshu (George) Cai Bio Page](/business/isa/faculty/cai/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Operations Management & Information Systems » Faculty and Staff » Cai, George \(Gangshu\)")
  * [Andy Tsay Bio page](/business/isa/faculty/tsay/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Operations Management & Information Systems » Faculty and Staff » Tsay, Andy A. ")

###### Mar 17, 2017

Research

LSB Research, Featured, OMIS

368159

[Information Systems & Analytics Sections __](/business/isa/)[Information
Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)

  * [Information Systems & Analytics](/business/isa/)
  * [About Us](/business/isa/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/isa/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/isa/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/isa/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/isa/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/isa/careers/)
  * [News and Events](/business/isa/news-and-events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Operations%20Management%20and%20Information%20Systems&subdesignationactual=e6686182-6823-49cd-a19d-89871)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

