Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/management/about/newsletters/2018-enewsletter/

Skip to main content
| Trouble viewing this email? [Read it
online.](/business/management/about/newsletters/2018-enewsletter/)  
---  
  
![Management and Entrepreneurship Newsletter Header](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/MGMT-Newsletter-header.png)

2018  | [Visit Us Online](/business/management/)  
---|---  
  
A Message from the Chair

  
Hello SCU Management Alumnae and Friends!

It has been another terrific year at SCU.  You may have noticed that we
changed our name to the  _Management and Entrepreneurship Department_.   This
change reflects our continued dedication to management, innovation and
entrepreneurship. That is not all that has changed – here are some of the
highlights:

  * Three amazing new tenure-track faculty joined us in September: Vikram Bhargava, Shaohua Lu, and Kelly Patterson.
  * Exciting curriculum updates: new ELSJ course on microfinance, new sustainability track of classes, revised leadership series of classes, and a suite of online MBA courses launched in winter, 2018.

Keep reading for more details.

Jennifer L. Woolley  
Department Chair  
Associate Professor of Management

* * *

**  
Are you #AllInForSCU?**

**March 7** is Santa Clara’s fifth annual  Day of Giving! This is a campus-
wide event when the Bronco community comes together to make a difference for
students. Your support helps create an even brighter future for our
university.  In addition to financial assistance, giving can be in the form of
service as alumni volunteer, a guest speaker or possibly as mentor.  Make your
gift on March 7 and spread the word to go #AllInforSCU.

[Go All In for
Management](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://bit.ly/2F1Rjlz&sa=D&source=hangouts&ust=1519423531670000&usg=AFQjCNE9Vk5LuY_F6D9J4J5-RC-
qJnyHgg)

Faculty Updates

* * *

|

##### New Faculty

The Management & Entrepreneurship Department welcomes three tenure-track
faculty members. All of them began teaching undergraduate and graduate courses
in 2017-18.

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/100_1960-cropped-for-bulletin-
board-1500-x-1500-140x140.jpg)



[Vikram Bhargava](https://www.scu.edu/business/management/faculty/bhargava/)
completed a joint-Ph.D. in Ethics and Legal Studies (The Wharton School) and
Philosophy from University of Pennsylvania.





![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/LuShaohua-2-2-140x140.JPG)



[Shaohua Lu](https://www.scu.edu/business/management/faculty/lu/) earned her
doctorate from Fisher College of Business, The Ohio State University.







![](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/kelly_pattersonDONJ5530-2-140x140.jpg)



[Kelly Paterson](https://www.scu.edu/business/management/faculty/patterson/)
earned his Ph.D. from the Cornell University Department of Sociology.  
  
---  
  
##### Stepping Into Retirement: Professor James L. Koch

![](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Koch-IMG_7629-1-140x140.jpg)

After serving the Management & Entrepreneurship Department for 28 years,
Professor James Koch will be retiring at the end of the spring quarter of the
2017-2018 academic year. Jim has held many important roles during his time in
the Management & Entrepreneurship Department and the Leavey School of
Business. He is founding director of Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship
(formerly the Center of Science, Technology, and Society).  From 1990-96, Jim
served as dean of the Leavey School of Business. In 1995 the school achieved
national recognition from  _U.S. News and World Report_  as the 12th ranked
part-time program in America, moving to 11th ranking the following year. Jim
has been a role model in providing service to the department, University, and
wider community. He co-founded the Tech Museum Awards--Technology Benefiting
Humanity and the Global Social Benefit Incubator. He served on the boards of
the Bay Area Council Economic Institute and Commonwealth Club, and as Interim
Dean of the School of Engineering.  Over the last twelve years of his career
more than 2,600 MBA students have taken his course,  _Leadership for Justice
and Prosperity.  _With Eric Carlson, he is completing a book-- _Developing A
Successful Social Enterprise--_ documenting the lessons learned from work with
hundreds of ventures from around the world, to be published by Berrett-Kohler
in September, 2018. He was recognized for his service contributions to our
department, School, University, and profession in 2014 by appointment as Don
C. Dodson Distinguished Service Professor.  From all the Management &
Entrepreneurship faculty and staff, we wish Jim much happiness, good health,
and success as he starts a new chapter in his life.  
  
---  
  
##### Faculty Awards

Recently, some of the Management professors have been awarded a variety of
awards. A few are named below and make sure to check out the rest by [clicking
here »](/business/management/research/scholarship/faculty-awards-1.html "Home
» Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Research » Scholarship » ST-
MGMT-2016-00-00: Awards - All, ")

  * Greg Baker leading the Food and Agribusiness Institute (FAI) received a number of grants. The Bank of America Charitable Foundation awarded FAI a $15,000 grant for its research on food insecurity and solutions. 

  * Jo-Ellen Pozner received a Hackworth grant from the Markkula Center to support her research on how ethical breaches impact individual reputations. This project looks at how inconsistency between an individual’s job function and the characteristics of scandal in which they are involved affects their reputational penalties. 

  
---  
  
Department News

* * *

![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Uncovering-the-
Online-MBA-1-360x235.png) |

##### [Uncovering the Online MBA](/business/news/top-stories/santa-clara-
university-leavey-school-of-business-launches-online-mba.html)

LSB launched our new Online MBA, read the press release
[here](/business/news/top-stories/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-
business-launches-online-mba.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
News & Events » Top Stories » ST-17/07/18: OMBA release").  Nydia MacGregor,
Faculty Director of MBA Programs and Alumni Engagement, went live on Facebook
with Toby McChesney, Sr. Assistant Dean of Graduate Business programs, to
discuss the new Online MBA program. Check out the video
[here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L499YHNSFC0).  
  
---|---  
  
![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/SCU-
MIcrofinance-2017-\(2\)-360x261.png) |

##### [SCU Microfinance
2017](/business/management/about/newsletters/management-news/scu-microfinance-
organization.html)

As the faculty advisor for the SCU Student Microfinance Organization, Long Le
has been working with students to raise awareness of Microfinance and to
empower people to fight against global poverty.  
  
---|---  
  
![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/VCIC-2017-360x268-1.jpg) |

##### [Venture Capital Investment Competition
(VCIC)](/business/management/about/newsletters/management-news/venture-
capital-investment-competition-vcic.html)

Francine Gordon and Christina Johnson are coordinating SCU’s participation in
the Venture Capital Investment Competition (VCIC).  This will be the first
time our undergrads compete and the first time since 2013 that our MBAs
compete.  
  
---|---  
  
![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/Food-Waste-
Recovery-Conference-556x327-resize-360x212-1.jpg) |

##### [Food Waste Recovery Conference](/business/news/top-stories/a-solution-
to-food-insecurity-.html)

The Food and Agribusiness Institute (FAI) will jointly be co-hosting a food
waste recovery conference on March 2, 2018 with World Wildlife Fund on
searching for solutions to reduce farm-level food loss and waste and to
develop alternative markets for underutilized produce. Find out more about
what FAI has accomplished in the last year
[here.](https://www.scu.edu/business/news/top-stories/a-solution-to-food-
insecurity-.html)  
  
---|---  
  
##### [Faculty in
Action](/business/management/research/scholarship/management-faculty-in-
action.html)

Many members of our faculty have been involved in activities beyond teaching.
A few are named below, and check out the rest by [clicking here
»](/business/management/research/scholarship/management-faculty-in-action.html
"Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Research » Scholarship
» ST-MGMT-2017-00-00: Activities - All, ")

**Lead Roles in Academia**

  * Tammy Madsen was elected as Associate Director, Strategy Research Foundation – Dissertation Research Program, Strategic Management Society.             
  * Michael Santoro was elected to a two-year term as President of the Global Business and Human Rights Scholars Association.

**Leave No Path Untraveled**

  * Tanya Bunger, program director of the Business School's Global Fellows Program, was featured in Undergraduate Admission’s podcast  _Life Invented_.  Bunger discusses the benefits that the program brings not only to students but also to participating countries.  Find the podcast [here](https://soundcloud.com/user-810318319/leave-no-path-untraveled).

**Ethics in the Pharmaceutical Industry**

  * Michael Santoro was quoted by CNN about the ethics of Avanir Pharmaceuticals paying around 500 doctors to advocate for its drug Nuedexta. The piece was picked up by 78 different news outlets. Santoro states that these doctors are not serving their job as leaders, but rather as a part of a “sales force.” He refutes the idea that anyone would agree to pay doctors to promote a drug because they are “thought leaders.”  Check out the story [here](http://us.cnn.com/2017/12/04/health/nuedexta-doctors-payments-invs/index.html).

  
---  
  
Selected Scholarship

* * *

##### [Published Books ](/business/management/research/scholarship/published-
books-fall-2017.html)

We have added to the list of published books from the Management &
Entrepreneurship Department. Find a sample of the books below [click here to
see more](/business/management/research/scholarship/published-books-
fall-2017.html "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Management »
Research » Scholarship »     ST-MGMT-2016-00-00: Books - Fall 2017, ").

**[“The Leadership Challenge: How to Make Extraordinary Things Happen in
Organizations (6 th Edition)”
](https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/351/) **by James M. Kouzes and
Barry Z. Posner

_The Leadership Challenge_  is the gold-standard manual for effective
leadership, grounded in research and written by the premier authorities in the
field.

**[“Modern Competitive Strategy (4 th
Edition)"](https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/27/)  **by Madsen,
Tammy L. and Walker, Gordon

_Modern Competitive Strategy_  focuses on what makes firms successful over
time, ultimately within industries that are global in scope.

**[“Building a Successful Social Venture – A Social Entrepreneur’s
Guide”](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Successful-Social-Venture-
Entrepreneurs/dp/1523095946/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1516997839&sr=1-1&keywords=Building+a+Successful+Social+Venture+%E2%80%93+A+Social+Entrepreneur%E2%80%99s+Guide)
** (forthcoming – September 18, 2018) by Eric Carlson and James Koch

Interest in social enterprises is exploding in business schools. Social
ventures seek to bring the discipline and energy of private enterprise to the
task of solving problems like poverty, lack of clean water, and poor
environmental quality.

**Book Chapters  
** **[“Autonomous Vehicles and Moral
Uncertainty”](https://www.amazon.com/Robot-Ethics-Implications-Intelligent-
Autonomous/dp/026252600X)  ** with Vikram Bhargava

In Patrick Lin, Keith Abney, and Ryan Jenkins (eds.) _Robot Ethics 2.0: The
Ethical and Social Implications of Robotics_. Oxford, UK: Oxford University
Press.  
  
---  
  
Selected Publications

* * *

![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-
business/management/Madsen-3782web-2-200x200.jpg) |

##### Tammy Madsen

 **["The Expanding Domain of Strategic Management Research and the Quest for
Integration"](/business/management/research/scholarship/the-expanding-domain-
of-strategic-management-research-and-the-quest-for-integration-1.html "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Research » Scholarship » ST-
MGMT-2016-12-15: Paper - Madsen, “The Expanding Domain of Strategic")**

**["Competitive Heterogenity, Cohorts, and Persistent
Advantages"](/business/management/research/scholarship/competitive-
heterogeneity-cohorts-and-persistent-advantage.html "Home » Home » Leavey
School of Business » Management » Research » Scholarship » ST-MGMT-2016-12-01:
Paper - Madsen, ")**

_Strategic Management Journal_  
  
---|---  
  
![Thumbnail image](/media/leavey-school-of-business/management/eberhart-
pref-1-200x200.jpg) |

##### Robert Eberhart

 **[“Failure Is an Option: Institutional Change, Entrepreneurial Risk and New
Firm Growth”](/business/management/research/scholarship/failure-is-an-option-
institutional-change-entrepreneurial-risk-and-new-firm-growth.html "Home »
Home » Leavey School of Business » Management » Research » Scholarship » ST-
MGMT-2017-02-17: Paper - Eberhart, “Failure Is an Option: Institutional
Chang")**

_Organization Science_  
  
---|---  
  
##### [Selected Presentations 2017](/business/management/research/selected-
presentations/#d.en.328523)

Many of our professors have been presenting their research across the nation,
and around the world.  Check out their work, the conferences they spoke at,
and the places they've been.

[Read more »](/business/management/research/selected-
presentations/#d.en.328523 "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business »
Management » Research » Selected Presentations » CW-ST: Presentation Story
Display 2017")  
  
---  
  
[Give to Management](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey
School of
Business&subdesignation=Management&subdesignationactual=b11fbf95-a09c-460c-a781-9e6c)  
  
[Home](https://www.scu.edu/business/management) | [Privacy
Policy](https://www.scu.edu/contact/privacy-policy/) |
[Unsubscribe](https://www.scu.edu/contact/privacy-policy/)  
---  
  
**Management Department**

Lucas Hall  
Santa Clara University  
500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053

[management@scu.edu  
](mailto:management@scu.edu)408-554-4469  
  
---  
![Tracking beacon](https://ga-
beacon.appspot.com/UA-246576-23/business/management/about/newsletters/2018-enewsletter/?pixel)

