Source Link: https://www.scu.edu/business/marketing/profiles/watch-my-eyes/

Skip to main content

[Campus Safety](/university-operations/campus-safety/ "Home » Home »
University Operations » Campus Safety")

[Enrollment Services](/onestop/ "Home » Home » One Stop Enrollment")

[Campus Ministry](/cm/ "Home » Home » Campus Ministry")

[Facilities](/university-operations/facilities/ "Home » Home » University
Operations » Facilities")

[Diversity and Inclusion](/diversity/ "Home » Home » Diversity")

[Technology at SCU](/technology/ "Home » Home » Technology at SCU")

[Recreation](/recreation/ "Home » Home » Campus Recreation")

[Sustainability](/sustainability/ "Home » Home » Sustainability at SCU")

[Arts at SCU](/arts/ "Home » Home » Arts at SCU - Landing Page")

[Bookstore](/auxiliary-services/bookstore/ "Home » Home » Auxiliary Services »
Bookstore")

[Career Center](/careercenter/ "Home » Home » Career Center")

[Human Resources](/hr/ "Home » Home » Human Resources")

[University Library](/library/ "Home » Home » University Library")

[Mission Church](/missionchurch/ "Home » Home » Mission Santa Clara de Asís")

[SCU Login](/login/ "Home » Home » Login")

[More Offices & Services »](/services/)

Schools & Colleges

[College of Arts and Sciences](/cas/ "Home » Home » College of Arts and
Sciences")

[Education and Counseling Psychology](/ecp/ "Home » Home » School of Education
and Counseling Psychology")

[Leavey School of Business](/business/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of
Business")

Schools & Colleges

[School of Engineering](/engineering/ "Home » Home » School of Engineering")

[Jesuit School of Theology](/jst/ "Home » Home » Jesuit School of Theology")

[School of Law](http://law.scu.edu)

Centers of Distinction

[Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship](http://www.scu-social-
entrepreneurship.org/)

[Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education](/ic/ "Home » Home » Ignatian Center")

[Markkula Center for Applied Ethics](/ethics/ "Home » Home » Markkula Center
for Applied Ethics")

[More Centers and Institutes »](/centers/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty & Staff](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * Offices & Services __
  * Schools & Centers __

[ __ Santa Clara University Homepage ](/)

######  [Santa Clara University](/)

##  [Leavey School of Business](/business/)

Search __

menu

Search __

  * [Home](/)
  * [About SCU](/aboutscu/)
  * [Academics](/academics/)
  * [Admission](/admission/)
  * [Athletics](/athletics/)
  * [Campus Life](/campus-life/)
  * [Giving](/giving/)
  * [Global](/global/)
  * [News & Events](/news-and-events/)

  * [Students](/students/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty/)
  * [Families](/family/)
  * [Alumni](/alumni/)
  * [Visitors](/visitors/)
  * [Offices & Services](https://www.scu.edu/services/)
  * [Schools & Centers](https://www.scu.edu/centers/)

#  Department ofMarketing

AIMES Program Anthropology Art and Art History Asian Studies Program Biology
Catholic Studies Program Chemistry and Biochemistry Child Studies Program
Classics Communication Economics English Environmental Studies and Sciences
Ethnic Studies History Latin American Studies Program Mathematics and Computer
Science Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program Military Science Modern
Languages and Literatures Music Neuroscience Philosophy Physics Political
Science Psychology Public Health Program Religious Studies Sociology
Sustainability Program Theatre and Dance Urban Education Program Women's and
Gender Studies Aerospace Engineering Applied Mathematics Bioengineering Civil
Engineering Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Management
& Leadership Mechanical Engineering Power Systems and Sustainable Energy
Accounting

Accounting & Information Systems Economics

Finance

Information Systems and Analytics (ISA) Management & Entrepreneurship

Marketing

# Watch My Eyes

  1. [Home](/)
  2. [Leavey School of Business](/business/)
  3. [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  4. [Profiles](/business/marketing/profiles/)
  5. Watch My Eyes 

![Person Spotlight photo ](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-
profiles/Wei-Shi---Person-Spotlight-Template.jpg)

Person Spotlight photo

## How Internet Shoppers Search Information

As more and more people make purchasing decisions using the Internet,
academics have begun to focus research on how people make those decisions.
Savannah Wei Shi, assistant professor of marketing, has been specializing in
using eye-tracking equipment to better understand the workings of e-commerce.

Shi is lead author (with Michel Wedel of the University of Maryland and Rik
Pieters of the University of Tilburg) of the paper, “Information Acquisition
During Online Decision-Making: A Model-Based Exploration Using Eye-Tracking
Data,” which is published in the journal _Management Science_.

* * *

How products are positioned on a comparison page will influence the customer's
decision-making strategies.

* * *

“Traditional process-tracing method, such as Information Display Board or
Mouselab, focuses on more controlled and deliberate information search and
choice process,” she says. “Eye-tracking data provide insights into how
consumers rapidly acquire information in information-rich online environments
in real life. We used eye-fixation to study the decision-making process in an
online retailer website, to look at the factors that drive eye movement from
one place to the other on a comparison page.” A comparison page, she explains,
is one on which customers can compare products and attributes.

Eye-tracking experiments were conducted using state-of-the-art equipment at
the University of Maryland, where Shi worked before coming to Santa Clara.
Subjects in the experiment were asked to make a purchasing decision among
several computer models with different attributes on a major computer website.
Their eye movements were recorded unobtrusively.

Experiments were conducted on two monitors eight hours a day over a period of
two weeks, with the average subject taking 10-15 minutes to compare several
computers and reach a decision.

With the aid of the tracking equipment, Shi and her colleagues were able to
identify eye fixations (brief moments when the eye is stopped at, and
presumably drawing information from, a point on the page) and saccades, rapid
jumps of the eye from point to point on the page.

Finally, the raw data were subjected to a mathematical formula developed by
Shi and her colleagues to adjust for variables. For example, if a subject’s
eye stops in one place for a few seconds, is it taking in information from
that one place, or is the subject daydreaming about that night’s dinner?
There’s no way to know for sure, but a good formula can assign probabilities
that are likely to make the overall results more reliable.

![Photo for research profile](/media/leavey-school-of-business/stories/lsb-
profiles/wei-shi---IMG_4061-760x450.jpg)

Data generated from the experiments showed that the decision-making process
was faster, more complex, and less well-structured than previously believed.
For example, one participant made a decision in 76 seconds, during which there
were 140 combined eye fixations and saccades, nearly two per second.

The data showed that participants frequently switched strategies, often
comparing two or three attributes or products before switching to another
strategic approach. One result that jumped out from the data was that people
more consistently sampled information that was closely grouped on the page and
moved their eyes horizontally, across rows rather than down columns, and that
such a search pattern was present regardless of horizontal or vertical
presentation format.

A practical implication of that finding, Shi says, is that a company that
wants to nudge customers toward a certain product would do well to set up the
comparison page so that the attributes run horizontally and the products run
vertically in columns. That way a customer can easily select one attribute
(for example, the capacity of the computer’s hard drive) and scan from left to
right to see how the model the company wants to promote compares with the
others.

“Customers are comparing different sets of products online all the time, and
we assume the customers to be rational,” she says. “How the company places the
product on a comparison web page can influence the strategies customers use to
make decisions.”

###### Nov 30, 2015

[Marketing Sections __](/business/marketing/)[Marketing](/business/marketing/)

  * [Marketing](/business/marketing/)
  * [About Us](/business/marketing/about/)
  * [Academic Programs](/business/marketing/academics/)
  * [Faculty and Staff](/business/marketing/faculty/)
  * [Research](/business/marketing/research/)
  * [Beyond the Classroom](/business/marketing/beyond-the-classroom/)
  * [Careers](/business/marketing/careers/)
  * [News & Events](/business/marketing/news--events/)
  * [Calendar](/business/dept-calendar/)
  * [Donate](https://mysantaclara.scu.edu/givenow?designation=Leavey%20School%20of%20Business&subdesignation=Marketing&subdesignationactual=bb8136e0-0a6f-4924-81e1-e2e90caede01)

[LEAVEY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS](/business/edc/)

500 El Camino Real  
Santa Clara, CA 95053  
(408) 554-4000

  * [Maps & Directions](https://www.scu.edu/map/148/Lucas+Hall)
  * [Contact Lucas Hall](/business/about/contact/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Contact Us")

  * [ __ SCU on Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/scubusiness)
  * [ __ SCU on Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/scubusiness/)
  * [ __ SCU on Linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/santa-clara-university-leavey-school-of-business/)
  * [ __ SCU on YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/user/SCUBusinessSchool)

* * *

  * [Undergraduates](/business/undergraduates/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Undergraduates")
  * [Graduates](/business/graduate-degrees/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Graduates")
  * [Academics](/business/academics/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Academics")
  * [Executive Education](/business/edc/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Executive Education")
  * [Institutes](/business/centers/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Institutes")

  * [Top Stories](/business/news/topstories/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Top Stories")
  * [Calendar](/business/news/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Calendar")
  * [Newsmakers](/business/news/newsmaker/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » Newsmakers")
  * [LSB on Social](/business/news/social/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events » LSB on Social")

  * [About LSB](/business/about/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB")
  * [Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley](/business/about/leadership/dean/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » About LSB » Leadership » Dean Caryn Beck-Dudley")
  * [LSB News & Events](/business/news/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » News & Events")
  * [LSB Calendar](/business/calendar/ "Home » Home » Leavey School of Business » Calendar")
  * Accessiblity icon [Accessibility](https://scu.edu/accessibility "Home » Home » Accessibility")

[Santa Clara University](https://www.scu.edu/)

(C) 2019 * [Accessibility](https://www.scu.edu/accessibility)

[Login](https://www.scu.edu/login)|[ __SCU on
Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaraUniversity)[ __SCU on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/SantaClaraUniv)

